

Victoria Hwy Upgrade











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending22. Prior to commencement of construction, the person taking the action must engage an independent expert, in consultation with the Northern Territory Department of Natural Resources, Environment and the Arts, to:

advise on the development and implementation of offset and construction mitigation measures, as required under paragraphs 3 and 4;
conduct annual surveys of the Purple-crowned Fairy-wren, as required by paragraph 5; and
inform monthly audits of construction, offset and rehabilitation areas as required by paragraph 7.28/03/200733.  The person taking the action must submit a plan for the Ministers approval, which must include measures to:
a)  have an independent expert, as required by paragraph 1, inspect areas of Cane Grass habitat for the presence of Purple-crowned Fairy-wrens immediately prior to any Cane Grass clearing activities;
b)  stop work and advise the Minister if any Purple-crowned Fairy-wrens are found to be present in any areas to be impacted;
c)  seek approval from the Minister on any proposed measures to mitigate impacts on any Purple-crowned Fairy-wrens found to be present in areas to be impacted;
d)  rehabilitate all areas of Cane Grass habitat that have been disturbed by temporary road works and construction activities, with Cane Grass of local provenance;
e)  implement a weed management strategy prior to and during construction, and for 3 years post-construction, including to:
i.  remove and control weed infestations that occur within offset, rehabilitation and construction areas, and
ii.  clean down all plant and machinery before moving away from weed infested sites to non-weed infested sites;
f)  control the erosion of stream banks in offset, construction and rehabilitation areas to increase Cane Grass re-establishment; and
g)  ensure all measures in this plan are included in any separate construction plans for implementation.
Construction must not commence until the plan has been approved. The approved plan must be implemented.28/03/200744. The person taking the action must submit for the Minister's approval a strategy to offset impacts on the Purple-crowned Fairy-wren. The offset strategy must:
a) regenerate 4.5 hectares of Cane Grass habitat between Lost Creek and the Victoria River Bridge with Cane Grass of local provenance; b) improve Cane Grass habitat connectivity; c) include a feral animal control program to mitigate the impacts of black rats and ungulates on the Purple-crowned Fairy-wren within the Gregory National Park, for a period of 5 years; d) include measures to control erosion and weeds; e) include measures to inform the public at the Gregory National Park about protecting the Purple-crowned Fairy-wren and its habitat; and f) include measures to maintain, monitor and report on the success of the offset strategy during construction, and for a period of 3 years post-construction. Clearing for construction must not commence until the offset strategy has been approved. The approved offset strategy must be implemented.28/03/2007There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

