

Development of a Natural Gas Liquefaction Park











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending34Long-term Marine Turtle Management
34. Within six months of this approval, the proponent must:

contribute an initial amount of $150 000 towards preparation of a long term marine turtle management plan; and
participate in industry wide discussions with the Gladstone Ports Corporation and other port users (including LNG proponents) with a view to establishing a long term marine turtle management plan and future funding requirements for the plan.22/10/20103535. If terms of the long term marine turtle management plan cannot be agreed on an industry wide basis (within the Port of Gladstone) within six months of this approval, then the proponent must prepare a long term marine turtle management plan in consultation with other LNG proponents who have confirmed an intention to establish an LNG Facility on Curtis Island.22/10/20103636. The plan (in either case referred to in 34 and 35 above), must include:

a program to establish comprehensive baseline information on populations of marine turtles that utilise the beaches and nearby waters of Curtis and Facing Island (including the Green Turtle Chelonia mydas, the Loggerhead Turtle Caretta caretta, and the Flatback Turtle Natator depressus);
a monitoring program to measure and detect changes to the marine turtle populations over a period of at least 10 years from commencement of the program. Monitoring methods must have the ability to detect changes at a statistical power of 0.8, or an alternative statistical power as determined in writing by the Minister;
the identification of significant activities relating to the construction and operation of LNG facilities (or in the case of an industry wide plan, activities within the Port of Gladstone) with the potential to cause adverse impacts on marine turtles;
management measures including operating controls and design features to help manage and avoid adverse impacts to marine turtles shown to be adversely impacted by LNG operations (or in the case of an industry wide plan, activities conducted within the Port of Gladstone). In relation to the LNG operations, management measures will include any reasonable and practicable measures found necessary or desirable to minimise disturbance to marine turtles from gas flaring, and from lighting of the LNG plant and ships moored at the loading berth (except where the adoption of measures would be in contravention of health and safety legislative requirements).
Identification of annual contributions by the proponent, other LNG proponents who have confirmed an intention to establish an LNG Facility on Curtis Island and, in the case of an industry wide plan, contributions by other port users.22/10/20103737. The Marine Turtle Management Plan must be submitted for the approval of the Minister at least 3 months before the planned date of the commissioning of the first LNG train. The approved Plan must be implemented.22/10/20103838. Within 60 days of each anniversary of the approval of the plan the proponent must provide a review report ("the Report") on the effectiveness of the management measures and operating controls directed at avoiding impacts on the marine turtle species.
Note: The review report may be provided by the Gladstone Ports Corporation or another entity on behalf of the proponent.22/10/20103939. If an impact on any of the marine turtle species is identified, the report must recommend improvements to the conduct of those operations and activities which are found to have a causal connection with the identified impact, and provide the report to the Minister in writing within 30 days of identifying the impact. The Minister may require improvements to be implemented.
Note: To avoid doubt, if a condition of another approval held by the proponent requires a Marine Turtle Management Plan, the proponent may simultaneously meet the relevant requirements of both conditions by submitting a single plan. The plan may also be prepared and implemented in consultation with the Gladstone Ports Corporation or other bodies.22/10/2010There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

