

Tropicana Gold Project-Develop open cut gold mine, and associated infrastructure











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending06Offsets
6. Offsets - Biodiversity Trust Fund

The proponent must fund and develop the Great Victoria Desert Biodiversity Trust Fund (the Trust), to achieve the following objectives:

Develop a Bioregional Management Plan (the Plan) for the Great Victoria Desert Bioregions 1 and 2 (the Trust Area, at Appendix B). The Plan must identify knowledge gaps relating to species and communities of national environmental significance under the EPBC Act and make recommendations for programs to address those gaps.
Facilitate priority research identified in the Plan at the landscape level and into species and communities of national environmental significance under the EPBC Act. Research outcomes must include a review of the conservation status of species and communities of national environmental significance and the development of predictive models.
Fund on-ground environmental and conservation management at the landscape level, with emphasis on net conservation benefits to threatened species and communities of national environmental significance under the EPBC Act. This must include actions identified in recovery plans for the Marsupial Mole, Sandhill Dunnart and Malleefowl. These objectives must not be modified without the approval of the Minister. The proponent must commence implementation of the Trust on commencement of the action. 


Before commencement of the action, the proponent must provide the Minister with a Project Plan for the Trust specifying activities to meet the Trust objectives, the amount of funding the proponent will provide to the Trust, and an indicative budget for each of the activities. The action must not commence until the Minister has approved the Project Plan. The approved Project Plan must be implemented. If the Trust Board approves any modifications to the Project Plan, the proponent must advise the Minister of the changes within 14 days of their approval, and the modified plan implemented.
If, at any time during the life of this approval, the Minister is not satisfied that the Trust is achieving its objectives relevant to matters of national environmental significance, the Minister may require the proponent to undertake additional measures and/or provide additional funding to the Trust or to activities specified in the Project Plan. The proponent must comply with any such requirement.
The proponent (approval holder) must provide the Department by 31 August of each year, with an annual progress report describing the actions taken and financial payments made over the preceding 12 months (between 30 June to 1 July of the following year) to implement the objectives of the Biodiversity Trust Fund as described in approval condition 6(a). The annual progress report must be made publicly available on the proponent's website. This report can be submitted as an attachment to the annual compliance report required by condition 8.4/08/2014There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

