

Murrumbidgee to Googong Water Transfer and associated infrastructure











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending03Threatened Species and Ecological Communities Management and Offsets
3. The person taking the action must submit a Biodiversity Management and Offset Plan to address impacts on listed threatened species and ecological communities to the Minister for approval prior to commencing construction. The Biodiversity Management and Offset Plan must include the following:

a description of the survey effort already undertaken for listed threatened species and ecological communities, and any extra surveys that may be required pre-construction as described in condition 3. b);
an outline of the methodology of additional flora surveys, by a botanist with expertise in surveying for the Small Purple-pea (Swainsona recta), Hoary Sunray (Leucochrysum albicans var. tricolour) and Button Wrinklewort (Rutidosis leptorrhynchoides). The surveys must be conducted at the correct time of year, and specifically target the parts of the project area that are most likely to provide habitat for the species, particularly in areas that were not surveyed for the species previously;
precise mapping showing the location of all known Small Purple-pea, Hoary Sunray and Button Wrinklewort plants in the project area, the location of the areas of greatest potential for having additional plants of these species in the project area and the precise location of the pipeline easement. These maps must be provided to the Department but must not be published at a scale that indicates individual plants;
demonstrate how construction of the pipeline and associated activities will avoid removing any individuals of the Small Purple-pea, or, if removal is necessary, provide details of a Small Purple-pea land offset, management and planting programs to ensure no net loss to the population;
describe how the alignment of the pipeline easement minimises impacts on the Small Purple-pea, Hoary Sunray, Button Wrinklewort and Pink-tailed Worm Lizard (Aprasia parapulchella);
explain how the extent and condition of EPBC listed threatened ecological communities (TEC's) was determined;
detailed mapping of TEC's, including habitat condition, including the project area and other areas proposed to be used as offsets;
a description of how the Small Purple-pea, Hoary Sunray and Button Wrinklewort and Pink-tailed Worm Lizard will be managed during construction of the pipeline;
a description of how native vegetation (including TEC's) will be rehabilitated after the construction of the pipeline;
a description of how any threatened plants will be propagated and re-established;
a description of how weed management and rehabilitation of native vegetation and threatened species habitat will be undertaken and funded in the long-term; and
commitments to managing and protecting in perpetuity any parcel of land set aside as an offset.

Construction may not commence in any areas that contain habitat for the Small Purple-pea, Hoary Sunray, Button Wrinklewort and Pink-tailed Worm Lizard or in TEC's until the plan is approved. The approved plan must be implemented.29/10/2010There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

