

Lot 2, Pascoe Vale Road, Coolaroo











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending011. To compensate for (offset) the loss of an existing population of the critically endangered Golden Sun Moth (Synemon plana) over 9.52 hectares at the site of the proposed action, the person taking the action must, within six months of the date of this approval, secure the approval by the Minister of an offset package. The offset package must include the protection in perpetuity of an area of land. The protected land must:

support a known and viable population of Golden Sun Moths, as confirmed by targeted surveys and expert advice;
support at least twice the area of Golden Sun Moth occupancy as will be removed from the site of the proposed action; and
be located within the Victorian Volcanic Plains bioregion.

The offsets package may also include indirect measures to advance the protection of the Golden Sun Moth in the Victorian Volcanic Plains bioregion.19/04/2011022. The person taking the action must enter into a written agreement with Trust for Nature ("the Engagement Agreement") to identify potential sites to form the basis of the offset package (as required under Condition 1) and to secure the protection in perpetuity of the protected land. A copy of the Engagement Agreement must be provided to the Department within 7 days of its signature by all parties.
Prior to the commencement of construction, the person taking the action must provide a sum of $1,500,000 (one million, five hundred thousand dollars) ("the funds") to Trust for Nature to be held until such time as suitable land is identified and the offset package approved, at which time the funds will form the basis of the payment to purchase environmental services from the owner of the protected land in fulfilment of Condition 3 below. If the cost of purchasing the environmental services is greater than $1,500,000, the person taking the action must provide additional funds to Trust for Nature as required. If the cost of purchasing the environmental services is less than $1,500,000, surplus funds will be returned to the person taking the action.
The arrangements for the provision and expenditure of the funds must be set out in an agreement ("the Funding Agreement"). A draft copy of the Funding Agreement must be provided to the Department for approval prior to its signing by all parties. A copy of the Funding Agreement must be provided to the Department within 7 days of its signature by all parties.20/10/2010033. To secure and manage the protected land, the person taking the action must:

within 12 months of the date of this approval, secure the tenure of the protected land by co-signing a credit trading agreement with Trust for Nature and the owners of the protected land and provide the Department with a copy of the signed agreement within 2 weeks of its signature by all parties;
by 20 January 2012, a deed of covenant for the protected land must be executed with Trust for Nature and registered on the title documents of the protected land. The Department must be provided with a copy of the signed deed of covenant within 2 weeks of its signature by all parties;
within 12 months of the date of this approval, ensure that a baseline survey of Golden Sun Moth on the protected land is conducted in accordance with EPBC Act Policy Statement 3.12 - Significant Impact Guidelines for the Critically Endangered Golden Sun Moth (Synemon plana);
by 20 February 2012, secure the approval by the Minister of an offset management plan for the protected land. The plan must:

clearly define the location and boundaries of the protected land, through maps and / or textual descriptions as well as an accompanying shapefile;
describe the ecology of the protected land, with particular reference to Golden Sun moth populations;
include provisions for the conservation and enhancement of Golden Sun Moth populations and habitat, and include measures to:

rehabilitate habitat if required;
control weed species and pest animals;
control access;
manage grazing activities;
manage fire;
monitor the status of populations and habitat; and
report the results of monitoring and management activities to the Minister;


describe corrective actions and contingency measures to be implemented where monitoring indicates a decrease in the Golden Sun Moth population or degradation of Golden Sun Moth habitat;
include provisions to ensure that actions taken to conserve and enhance Golden Sun Moth populations and habitathave no detrimental impact on the populations or habitat of other listed threatened species and ecological communities identified in the offset management plan;
include details on funding arrangements; and
remain valid and be implemented for a period of 10 years from the date of its approval by the Minister (subject to any approved review regime);


ensure that, following the conclusion of the offset management plan, arrangements are put in place for the management in perpetuity of the protected land in accordance with a Trust for Nature Covenant Management Plan or through incorporation into an existing grassland reserve. The Covenant Management Plan must be approved by the Minister prior to the conclusion of the offset management plan.6/10/2011There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

