

Melbourne Geelong Interconnection Pipeline Project











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending066. To compensate for the impact of construction on listed threatened species and communities, the person taking the action must establish a conservation offset.

The conservation offset must be approved by the Minister and the following information must be provided:

The outcome of the surveys required under Condition 2, including but not limited to the loss of Natural Temperate Grasslands of the Victorian Volcanic Plain and S. plana habitat;
The presence of listed threatened species and communities in the proposed conservation offset; including but not limited to Natural Temperate Grasslands of the Victorian Volcanic Plain;
A requirement that the minimum size of the proposed conservation offset be larger by a ratio of 6:1 than the area of Natural Temperate Grasslands of the Victorian Volcanic Plain and known habitat for listed threatened species to be removed during construction; and
The proximity of the proposed conservation offset to existing reserves.


Targeted surveys for S. plana must be undertaken at the proposed conservation offset during the 2012/2013 flying season and the results must be provided to the Department by 30 June 2013. If the results of the targeted surveys indicate that S. plana are not present at the proposed conservation offset the person taking the action must undertake the contingency measures required by Condition 9(c).18/08/2012077. The person taking the action must enter into a written agreement with Trust for Nature ('the agreement') to identify potential sites to form the basis of the conservation offset (as required under Condition 6) and to secure the protection of the conservation offset in perpetuity.
The person taking the action must provide a sum of $7,000,000 ('the funds') to Trust for Nature to be held until such time as the conservation offset is identified and approved by the Minister, at which time the money will form the basis of the payment to purchase environmental services from the owner of the conservation offset. If the cost of purchasing the environmental services is greater than $7,000,000 the person taking the action must provide additional funds to Trust for Nature as required. If the cost of purchasing the environmental services is less than $7,000,000, the funds must be returned to the person taking the action. The arrangements for the provision and expenditure of the funds must be set out in the agreement.
A draft copy of the agreement must be provided to the Department for approval prior to its signing by all parties.
A copy of the agreement must be provided to the Department within 7 days of its signature by all parties.
The agreement must be implemented prior to commencement of construction.7/09/2010088. The person taking the action must:

By 29 February 2012, secure the tenure of the conservation offset by co-signing with Trust for Nature and the conservation offsets existing owner/s a Credit Trading Agreement. The Department must be provided with a copy of the signed Credit Trading Agreement within 2 weeks of its signature by all parties; and
Within 6 months of the date of signing the Credit Trading Agreement, ensure that a Deed of Covenant for the conservation offset is executed with Trust for Nature and is registered on the title documents of the conservation offset. The Department must be provided with a copy of the signed Deed of Covenant within 2 weeks of its signature by all parties.6/10/2011099. Prior to entering into the Credit Trading Agreement (as required under Condition 9), an Offset Management Plan must be approved by the Minister. The approved Offset Management Plan must be implemented for a period of 10 years from the date of the execution of the Deed of Covenant. The approved Offset Management Plan must:

include specific measures to:

conserve and enhance the quality of listed threatened communities and the population of listed threatened species in the conservation offset;
monitor the quality of listed threatened communities and the population of listed threatened species in the conservation offset; and
report the results and frequency of monitoring and management activities to the Minister on the 1st of July each year for the duration of the Offset Management Plan.


include corrective actions and contingency measures to be implemented where monitoring of the conservation offset under the Offset Management Plan indicates a degradation of the quality of listed threatened communities or a reduction in the population size of listed threatened species in the conservation offset.
Include a provision to undertake contingency measures if S. plana are not recorded at the conservation offset during targeted surveys required by Condition 6(b). The contingency measures must include, at a minimum:

Details of habitat enhancement of a degraded area of grassland at the approved conservation offset, including a map showing the area proposed for enhancement;
Rehabilitation of the degraded area with native grass species including Austrodanthonia spp. and Austrostipa spp.; and
A proposed schedule for habitat enhancement, including, preparatory works, rehabilitation works, and post-rehabilitation monitoring and management. Habitat enhancement must be undertaken by a suitably qualified expert, and once appointed the details of the expert must be provided to the Department.18/08/20121010. Following the conclusion of the 10 year Offset Management Plan (as required under Condition 9), the person taking the action must ensure that the conservation offset is managed in perpetuity in accordance with a Trust for Nature Covenant Management Plan or through incorporation into an existing grassland reserve. The Covenant Management Plan must be approved by the Minister prior to the conclusion of the Offset Management Plan.7/09/2010There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

