

Upgrading the Pacific Highway - Woolgoolga to Ballina Upgrade, NSW











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending077. In addition to the Koala Management Plan(s) required by NSW approval conditions D8 and D9, to ensure that an unacceptable impact will not occur to the Ballina Koala population, the approval holder must submit for the Minister’s approval, a Ballina Koala Plan no less than 3 months prior to commencement of Section 10. The Minister will only approve the plan and the commencement of Section 10 of the action, if the impacts to the Ballina Koala population are demonstrated to be acceptable within the Ballina Koala Plan. The Ballina Koala Plan must include:

the modelling required by Condition 5 and the results of this modelling, and the peer review required by Condition 6;
discussion of the future viability of the Ballina Koala population;
in the context of relevant environmental social and economic considerations, any additional avoidance, mitigation or offsets, beyond those required by the NSW approval conditions, proposed to minimise the impacts to the Ballina Koala population; and
evidence that any additional avoidance and mitigation measures proposed have been considered in the modelling required in Condition 5.

The approval holder must not commence Section 10 unless the Ballina Koala Plan has been approved by the Minister. The approved Plan must be implemented.14/08/20141010. Should further offsets be required in accordance with NSW approval condition D9(d)j or be proposed as part of the Ballina Koala Plan, these must be in accordance with the EPBC Offsets Policy.14/08/201415Offsetting of residual impacts
15. The approval holder must prepare and implement a Biodiversity Offset Strategy and Biodiversity Offset Package that compensates for any residual significant impacts on threatened species and communities. The Biodiversity Offset Strategy and Biodiversity Offset Package must meet the requirements of the EPBC Offsets Policy and must be submitted to the Minister for approval.14/08/20141616. The Biodiversity Offset Strategy and Biodiversity Offset Package must be prepared in accordance with the requirements NSW approval conditions D3, D4 and D5.14/08/20141717. The Biodiversity Offset Strategy required by condition 15 of the approval and the information required by NSW approval condition D4 (Biodiversity Offset Status Report) must be submitted for the Minister's approval no later than three (3) months after the commencement of Stage 1 works (Sections 1 and 2 and soft-soil works) of the action; and Stage 2 works (sections 3 to 11) must not commence until the Biodiversity Offset Strategy required by Condition 15 of the approval and the information required by NSW approval condition D4 (Biodiversity Offset Status Report) have been approved by the Minister.16/09/20151818. The Biodiversity Offset Package required by Condition 15 must be approved by the Minister and the approved Biodiversity Offset Package must be implemented within 24 months of the approval of the Biodiversity Offset Strategy.14/08/2014There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

