

North Galilee Basin Rail Project, Qld











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending10Biodiversity Offset Strategy
10. To compensate for authorised unavoidable impacts on Matters of National Environmental Significance, the approval holder must submit a Biodiversity Offset Strategy (BOS) to the Minister at least two months prior to commencement.14/10/20151111. Offsets for authorised unavoidable impacts (defined as maximum disturbance limits in Table 1, or actual impacts as defined after detailed design and pre-clearance surveys required under state approvals), must be managed in accordance with the BOS.14/10/20151212. The BOS must be consistent with the Galilee Basin Offset Strategy, where relevant, relevant recovery plans, threat abatement plans, conservation advices and MNESMP (see Condition 5), and must include:
a.location of species and communities habitat offset areas including maps in electronic Geographic Information System (GIS) format
b. details of how offset sites have been or will be legally secured within 5 years of commencement to ensure their long-term protection
c. details of how offset sites adequately compensate for residual significant impacts to Matters of National Environmental Significance in accordance with the EPBC Act Offsets Policy 
d. a monitoring program for the offset site/s suitable to measure the success of the management measures against stated performance criteria including monitoring locations, parameters and timing
e. a description of the potential risks to the successful implementation of the BOS, and details of measures that will be implemented to mitigate these risks
f. details of how the BOS will be updated to incorporate outcomes from surveys undertaken for Matters of National Environmental Significance under this and any state approvals, including updating of goals, criteria and triggers (as outlined at Conditions 5e and 5f).
g. an outline of how compliance with the BOS will be reported
h. provisions to ensure that suitably qualified and experienced persons are responsible for undertaking monitoring, review, and implementation of the BOS
i. detailed processes for any residual impacts on Matters of National Environmental Significance (see Condition 5f) to be offset in accordance with the EPBC Act Offsets Policy, including a process for offset requirements to be developed in consultation with the Department and relevant Queensland Government agencies
j. a detailed process for any significant residual impact on any EPBC Act listed species or community not identified in Table 1 to be offset in accordance with the EPBC Act Offsets Policy (see Condition 7).13/01/20211313. The approval holder must not commence unless and until the BOS has been approved by the Minister in writing. The approved BOS must be implemented.
Note: A Biodiversity Offset Strategy is also required under the State Government approval for the project. A single document may be prepared to address both State Government and EPBC Act approval conditions.14/10/20151414. Within six months of the approval of the BOS by the Minister, the approval holder must submit to the Minister for approval a management plan for each offset area proposed in the approved BOS. Each offset area management plan must address the relevant requirements of the BOS, and contain:
a. detailed baseline description of offset areas, including surveys undertaken, condition of existing Matters of National Environmental Significance and their habitats, relevant environmental values, area of primary habitat for each EPBC Act listed species and community, connectivity with other habitat areas and biodiversity corridors
b. management measures and offset plans for each offset area to improve the habitats of relevant Matters of National Environmental Significance 
c. a table of specific goals and associated timeframes for habitat management measures for each offset area with criteria for assessing the success of habitat management measures and corrective measures to be implemented if criteria are not met.
If the BOS is revised and the revised BOS is approved by the Minister, and if the revision changed the proposed offsets from those proposed in the previously approved BOS, then the approval holder must, within four months of the approval of the revised BOS, submit to the Minister for approval an offset area management plan for any new offset area and a revised offset area management plan for any altered offset area.13/01/20211515. Once approved, offset area management plans must be implemented.14/10/2015There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

