

Woodlink Residential Community, 246-326 Collingwood Drive, Collingwood Park











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending033. To offset the residual impacts to Koala, the approval holder must implement mechanisms to provide enduring protection, over a minimum of 27 hectares, to the offset site referred to as 'Goodna Creek Offset and Rehabilitation Area' as shown at Attachment 1.
The protection mechanisms implemented by the approval holder, including but not limited to, land access agreements, dedication of land title and zoning under the Ipswich Planning Scheme must be consistent with the conditions of this approval and the principles of the EPBC Act Offsets Policy.
Within three years of the date of the approval, the approval holder must provide written evidence to the Department demonstrating that the protection mechanisms have been implemented.4/03/2014044. The approval holder must prepare an Offset Management Plan to address significant residual impacts to Koalas as a result of the action.

Impacts to Koalas that must be offset include:

the loss of 25.9 hectares of habitat critical to the survival of the Koala, and
injury and mortality of Koalas.


The Offset Management Plan must include, but not be limited to:

a detailed description of all affected values and the extent and likely timing of the impact/s on each;
the offset delivery mechanism(s) comprising land offsets and management, and maintenance of Koala population offset within the Goodna Creek Corridor as shown at Attachment 1;
detailed descriptions of how enhanced conservation outcomes for the affected Koalas will be achieved in accordance with the EPBC Act Offsets Policy;
contribution of funding to the management and maintenance of the Offset Management Plan;
timeframes and key milestones for implementation of offsets including, but not limited to, beginning to implement the offset plan prior to commencement of the action; 
discussion of the risks and uncertainties associated with proposed offsets;
mechanisms for monitoring and reporting of offset milestones and outcomes, including timing and frequency of monitoring and reporting;
corrective actions and contingency measures to be implemented (including the timing of implementation of these) where monitoring of the offset area/s under the offset plan shows that offset strategies are not effectively achieving a net benefit or key milestones are not being or are unlikely to be met; and
include textual descriptions and maps clearly defining the locations and boundaries of offset areas. These must be accompanied by a Shapefile.


The Offset Management Plan must be developed in consultation with the Department and other relevant stakeholders, including but not limited to, the Ipswich City Council and the Ipswich Koala Protection Society.
The approval holder must give consideration to howoffsets will contribute to programs or incentives that align with the broader strategies and programs for the conservation and protection of Koalas.
The Offset Management Plan must be submitted to the Minister for approval no less than three months prior to its intended implementation. Once approved the Offset Management Plan must be implemented.
The Offset Management Plan must be implemented prior to commencement of the action, or as otherwise directed in writing by the Minister.4/03/2014055. The most recent approved version of the Koala Management Plan and Offset Management Plan must remain accessible to the public on the website of the approval holder for the duration of the action.4/03/2014There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

