

Construction and Operation of Western Sydney Airport, Badgerys Creek, NSW











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descendingF1Item F1. Biodiversity offsets – additional conditions to be included in Condition 27
The Biodiversity Offset Delivery Plan must be based on and informed by a Biodiversity Assessment Report that:
(a) includes the results of an updated ecological survey that has applied the field survey methodology of the FBA for areas within the Construction Impact Zone;
(b) has had regard to the key diagnostic characteristics and condition thresholds specified in the Commonwealth Listing Advice on Cumberland Plain Shale Woodlands and Shale-Gravel Transition Forest (Threatened Species Scientific Committee 2008), particularly regarding patch size and contiguous native vegetation; and
(c) has been independently verified by a person accredited in accordance with section 142B(1)(c) of the Threatened Species Conservation Act 1995 (NSW), appointed following consultation with OEH.
The Biodiversity Offset Delivery Plan must be prepared by a Suitably Qualified Expert.
The Biodiversity Offset Delivery Plan must:
(a) be consistent with the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy (2012) to the satisfaction of the Approver, including in particular:
(i) offsets must deliver an overall conservation outcome that improves or maintains the viability of the protected matter;
(ii) offsets must be built around Direct Offsets but may include Other Compensatory Measures (including that the offsets must be ‘like-for-like’);
(iii) offsets must be additional to what is already required, determined by law or planning regulations, or agreed to under other schemes or programs; and
(iv) the identification of offsets must be informed by scientifically robust information and incorporate the precautionary principle in the absence of scientific certainty;
(b) include measures to offset impacts on foraging habitat for the Swift Parrot (Lathamus discolor) in addition to those species and ecological communities listed in the Biodiversity Offset Strategy provided as part of the EIS;
(c) identify biodiversity credits (or other measure as appropriate) required to offset the total impacts of the Stage 1 Development on biodiversity, determined in accordance with the relevant policies;
(d) provide evidence that the required biodiversity credits (or other measure as appropriate) can be secured in accordance with the relevant policies;
(e) provide evidence that the arrangements for managing the Direct Offsets will be provided through mechanisms that are enduring, enforceable and auditable; and
(f) if any Other Compensatory Measures are proposed, provide details of those measures along with a justification of why they should be considered acceptable.
 
The Biodiversity Offset Delivery Plan should capitalise wherever possible on opportunities to improve connectivity or contribute to Commonwealth, state or local government initiatives to secure offsets with strategic value.
In preparing the Biodiversity Offset Delivery Plan, the Infrastructure Department must consult with Local Aboriginal Land Councils and Aboriginal groups in Western Sydney, to identify complementary outcomes for biodiversity conservation and Aboriginal cultural heritage on the Cumberland Plain.
The Infrastructure Department must provide the Environment Department with Shapefiles identifying the location and boundaries of each Direct Offset site within three months of legally securing and establishing management arrangements for the site, unless otherwise approved by an Approver.
The Infrastructure Department must:
(a) ensure that an independent audit of its compliance with Condition 27(4) is conducted in respect of;
(i) the 12 month period commencing with the approval of the Biodiversity Offset Delivery Plan; and
(ii) each subsequent 18 month period until all biodiversity offsets required by the Biodiversity Offset Delivery Plan have been secured or implemented; and
(b) submit a report of each audit that is carried out to the Environment Department within 6 months of the end of the period in respect of which the audit was conducted.
For each audit, the independent auditor must be approved by an Approver prior to the commencement of the audit. Audit criteria must be agreed to by an Approver and the audit report must address the criteria to the satisfaction of an Approver.
The Infrastructure Department must review the Biodiversity Offset Delivery Plan every 5 years to ensure that the Biodiversity Offset Delivery Plan continues to meet the approval criteria for that plan. The Infrastructure Department must provide a report on the review to the Environment Minister. If the plan does not continue to meet the approval criteria, within 3 months of the provision of the report, the Infrastructure Department must prepare and submit for approval under Condition 34(1), a variation to the Approved Plan to ensure it continues to meet the approval criteria.
The Environment Minister may:
(a) vary an approved Biodiversity Offset Delivery Plan; or
(b) request in writing that the Infrastructure Department prepare and seek approval for a specified variation of an approved Biodiversity Offset Delivery Plan in accordance with Condition 34 (1),
if the Environment Minister believes on reasonable grounds that:
(c) Condition 27 has been contravened; and
(d) the variation or the request for a specified variation (as the case may be) will address the contravention.10/11/2016F2Item F2. Biodiversity Experts Group – additional conditions to be included in Condition 28
Prior to a person being appointed to the Biodiversity Experts Group, the Infrastructure Minister, or SES employee within the Infrastructure Department, must consult with an Approver, about the proposed appointment.
The preparation of the Biodiversity Offset Delivery Plan must be informed by the advice of the Biodiversity Experts Group. In particular, the advice of the Biodiversity Experts Group must be sought on whether and how conservation outcomes improve or maintain the viability of the biodiversity values to be offset.
When published, the Biodiversity Offset Delivery Plan must include or be accompanied by the advice of the Biodiversity Experts Group.10/11/2016There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

