

Mt Arthur Coal open cut mine modification, Muswellbrook, NSW











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending033. The person taking the action must compensate for the loss of 58.4 ha of the White Box Yellow Box Blakely’s Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland Critically Endangered Ecological Community and 53.4 hectares of native woodland which provides foraging and nesting habitat for the Regent Honeyeater (Anthochaera phrygia), Swift Parrot (Lathamus discolor) and Grey-headed Flying-fox (Pteropus poliocephalus) by:

securing the following offsets, prior to commencement of the action, through a legally binding conservation covenant over the conservation and offset areas:

131 ha expansion of the Saddlers Creek Conservation area located approximately 1 km south of the proposed action area; and
410 ha expansion of the Middle Deep Creek Offset area located approximately 70 km north of the Action area.5/12/2016044. The person taking the action must submit to the Department, for approval by the Minister, a revised Biodiversity Management Plan (BMP) for the project by 30 June 2017. The BMP must reflect the proposed Mt Arthur Coal Complex Biodiversity Offset Strategy as generally described in the Preliminary Documentation for EPBC 2011/5866, and include the additional offsets which are described in the Preliminary Documentation for EPBC 2014/7377. The Preliminary Documentation states:

the following offsets will be secured to compensate for the removal of the 58.4 ha of Box Gum Woodland CEEC and 53.4 ha of foraging habitat:

a 410 ha expansion of the existing Middle Deep Creek offset area located approximately 70 km north of the Action area; and
a 131 ha expansion of the existing Saddlers Creek offset area located approximately 1 km south of the Action area.5/12/2016055.	The BMP must describe how the implementation of the offset strategy would be integrated with the overall rehabilitation of the site and with local and regional corridors, existing conservation areas and existing biodiversity commitments at the Mt Arthur Coal mine.5/12/2016066. The revised BMP must include the additional offsets for the proposed action described in EPBC 2014/7377 and follow the requirements for the BMP outlined in the conditions in EPBC 2011/5866 described below:

a text description and map to clearly define the location and boundaries of the conservation and offset areas and regeneration areas. This must be accompanied with the offset attributes and a shape file;
details of the mechanisms, legal instrument, steps and timing for registering a legally binding conservation covenant that provides enduring protection over each nominated conservation and offset area;
a detailed description of the current condition of the extant vegetation of each conservation and offset area identified in the Preliminary Documentation for EPBC 2014/7377 prior to any management activities. This will provide a baseline description of the vegetation condition of the additional offset areas for the purpose of monitoring;
details of measures to offset the impacts to the MNES described in condition 2 and 3 including:

details of management actions that will improve the condition of a minimum of 541 ha within the offset areas;
management schedules for the offset areas identifying targeted actions for specific areas to protect and enhance the extent and condition of habitat values of the offset areas, a map showing areas to be managed;
type of management actions for each offset area and details of methods to be used;
timing of management actions for each offset area;
performance criteria for each action;
a detailed monitoring plan for each action including, but not limited to:

control sites; and
periodic ecological surveys to be undertaken by a qualified ecologist, as agreed to in writing by the Minister, and consistent with survey guidelines for nationally threatened species and communities, to assess the success of the management actions measured against identified milestones and objectives;


contingency measures to be implemented if performance criteria are not met;
a process to report, to the Department, the progress of management actions undertaken in offset areas and the outcome of those actions, including identifying any need for improved management and actions to undertake such improvement; and
details of the various parties responsible for management, monitoring and implementing the management activities, including their position or status as a separate contractor.5/12/2016099. If the person undertaking the action proposes to undertake any action within the offset areas, other than those management activities related to managing the offset areas, or as set out in the conditions, approval must be obtained, in writing from the Minister. In seeking the Minister’s approval the person undertaking the action must provide a detailed assessment of the area where the action is proposed to take place and an assessment of all associated adverse impacts on MNES. If the Minister agrees to the action within the offset area, the area identified for the action must be excised from the proposed offset areas and alternative offsets secured in relation to the impact on MNES.5/12/20161212. Condition 10 does not apply if the revisions to the approved management plan include changes to offsets provided under the management plan in relation to a matter protected by a controlling provision for the action, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Minister. This does not otherwise limit the circumstances in which the taking of the action in accordance with a revised management plan would, or would not, be likely to have new or increased impacts.5/12/20161717. The person taking the action must maintain accurate records substantiating all activities associated with or relevant to the conditions of approval, including measures taken to implement the Offset Strategy and Biodiversity Offset Management Plan required by this approval, and make them available upon request to the Department. Such records may be subject to audit by the Department or an independent auditor in accordance with section 458 of the EPBC Act, or used to verify compliance with the conditions of approval. Summaries of audits will be posted on the Department’s website. The results of audits may also be publicised through the general media.5/12/2016There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

