

Liverpool Range Wind Farm (btwn Coolah & Cassilis), NSW











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending055.  To mitigate the impacts of the action on the Regent Honeyeater, Swift Parrot and White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely’s Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community, the person taking the action must submit an Offset Strategy for the written approval of the Minister. The approved Offset Strategy must be implemented. The person taking the action must not commence the action until the Minister has approved the Offset Strategy.
The Offset Strategy must:
a.  Include maps of the final disturbance area and the total area (ha) of White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely’s Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community, Regent Honeyeater habitat and Swift Parrot habitat to be cleared.
b.  In accordance with the EPBC Act Offset Policy, or other Commonwealth endorsed policy, calculate offset requirements needed to compensate for the loss of:
i.  White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely’s Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community
 
ii.  Regent Honeyeater habitat
 
iii.  Swift Parrot habitat.
 
 
c.  Propose an offset package that identifies direct offset sites and meets the EPBC Act Offset Policy, or other Commonwealth endorsed policy.
 
d.  Propose measures for the long term protection and management of direct offset sites.
The Offset Strategy must be approved prior to the submission of the Biodiversity Offset Management Plan (required by Condition 7), and must be implemented.29/06/2018066.  Within two years from the commencement of the action, and prior to the commissioning of wind turbines, the person taking the action must meet their offset package requirements as described in the approved Offset Strategy (Condition 5).29/06/2018077.  The person taking the action must prepare and submit a Biodiversity Offset Management Plan (BOMP) that covers the direct offset sites in the approved Offset Strategy. At a minimum, the BOMP must:


Clearly identify the direct offset sites described in the Offset Strategy. This must include offset attributes, shapefiles, textual descriptions and maps to clearly define the location and boundaries of the direct offset sites.


Provide a description of the offset attributes for each protected matter and how the direct offset site will be in accordance with the approved Offset Strategy.


Provide a survey and description of the current condition (prior to any management activities) of the direct offset sites identified in the Offset Strategy.


Include detailed management actions, including regeneration and revegetation strategies to be undertaken at the direct offset sites to improve the ecological quality of these areas. The BOMP must also include:






Management actions relating to improving habitat quality for protected matters including but not limited to: weed management, feral animal management, erosion and sediment control and fire management.


A description and timeframes that management measures would be implemented to improve the condition of White Box CEEC and Regent Honeyeater habitat and Swift Parrot habitat on the direct offset sites.


Performance and completion criteria for evaluating the management of the direct offset sites, and criteria for triggering remedial action.


A program to monitor and report on the effectiveness of these measures, and progress against the performance and completion criteria.


A description of potential risks to the successful implementation of the plan, a description of the measures that will be implemented to mitigate against these risks and a description of the contingency measures that will be implemented if defined triggers arise.


Details of who would be responsible for monitoring, reviewing, and implementing the plan.




The BOMP must be submitted for the Minister’s approval and the approved BOMP must be implemented.29/06/20181010.  The person taking the action must maintain accurate records substantiating all activities associated with or relevant to the conditions of approval, including measures taken to implement the Vegetation Clearance Plan, Offset Strategy, BOMP and the Bird and Bat Adaptive Management Plan required by this approval, and make them available upon request to the Department. Such records may be subject to audit by the Department or an independent auditor in accordance with section 458 of the EPBC Act, or used to verify compliance with the conditions of approval. Summaries of audits will be posted on the Department’s website. The results of audits may also be publicised through the general media.29/06/2018There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

