

Greater Flagstone master planned residential development, Undullah, Qld











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending055. To compensate for the clearing of 529 ha of Koala Habitat, the functional loss of 51 ha of Koala Habitat, and 529 ha of Grey-headed Flying-fox foraging Habitat, the approval holder must:


Legally secure a minimum of 1,131.5 ha of the Avonvale and Cherry Gully Stations Offset area prior to the commencement of the action; and
Within 20 business days of legally securing the Avonvale and Cherry Gully Stations Offset area, provide the Department with written evidence demonstrating that Avonvale and Cherry Gully Stations Offset area has been legally secured, and Shapefiles of the offset attributes.
Within 6 months of approval, the approval holder must commence management activities at the Avonvale and Cherry Gully Stations Offset area.


Note: Uses or activities at the offset site are not permitted if they are not compatible with the primary purpose of conservation.5/02/2020066. During year 1, the approval holder must complete baseline surveys of the entire Avonvale and Cherry Gully Stations Offset area to determine the extent of weed cover and seasonal feral animal The baseline surveys must be undertaken by a suitably qualified field ecologist in accordance with a scientifically valid, robust, and repeatable methodology.5/02/2020077. Within 3 months of completion of the baseline surveys required under condition 6, the approval holder must engage a suitably qualified field ecologist to update the Avonvale and Cherry Gully Stations Offset area Management Plan, to include the following:


the results of the baseline surveys required under condition 6;
the detailed baseline Habitat quality assessment data for each environmental management zone on the Avonvale and Cherry Gully Stations Offset area as provided in the preliminary documentation and Direct Offset Chapter;
the Species Stocking Rate scoring table;
the outcomes specified in conditions 10 - 18; and
a program to monitor and report on progress against performance and completion criteria including the ecological outcomes specified in conditions 10 - 18.5/02/2020088. The updated Avonvale and Cherry Gully Stations Offset area Management Plan must be published on the approval holder’s website and remain published for the period this approval has effect. The approval holder must implement the published updated Avonvale and Cherry Gully Stations Offset area Management Plan for the duration of the approval, and must achieve the outcomes required under conditions 10 - 18.5/02/2020099. The approval holder must publish each Avonvale and Cherry Gully Stations Offset area Management Plan Annual Report on the website within 40 business days following the end of the 12 month period reported on in the Annual Report. The approval holder must keep each Avonvale and Cherry Gully Stations Offset area Management Plan Annual Report published from the date it is first published until the end of the period of effect of this approval.5/02/2020There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

