

Eliwana Railway Project, Pilbara region, WA











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending033. The approval holder must:


within 20 business days of receiving notice in writing from the CEO that the Plan satisfies the requirements of condition 6-2 for condition 10-1 of the Western Australian approval, submit the Plan electronically to the Department;
notify the Department in writing of any proposed changes to conditions 10-1, 10-1(1), 10-2, or 10-3 of the Western Australian approval no later than 2 business days after the approval holder:

proposes such a change in writing; or
becomes aware of a proposal for such a change.


publish the Plan on the approval holder’s website within 20 business days of receiving notice in writing from the CEO that the Plan satisfies the requirements of condition 6-2 for condition 10-1 of the Western Australian Approval;
keep the Plan published on the approval holder’s website until at least the end date of this approval;
exclude or redact sensitive ecological data from the Plan published on the website or provided to a member of the public; and
ensure that any monitoring data (including sensitive ecological data), surveys, maps, and other spatial and metadata required under the Plan, is prepared in accordance with the Department’s Guidelines for biological survey and mapped data (2018) unless this is inconsistent with State requirements under the Western Australian approval.25/09/2019044. To compensate for the residual significant impacts of clearing critical habitat and supporting habitat for the protected matters, within six (6) months of the date of this approval, the approval holder must submit an Offset Strategy for the Minister’s written approval. The Offset Strategy must be consistent with the principles of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy and must:

specify the approach for providing offsets for the clearing of 72.5 ha of critical habitat and 423 ha of supporting habitat;
identify threats for each protected matter;
nominate detailed offsets that will realise a conservation benefit for each protected matter in accordance with relevant approved conservation advice, recovery plans and threat abatement plans and/or regional conservation plans;
if the proposed Offset Strategy includes offset/s that are not land acquisition, specify a financial commitment in relation to the proposed offset/s of at least $3000 AUD (exclusive of GST) per hectare of cleared critical habitat and at least $821.00 AUD (exclusive of GST) per hectare of cleared supporting habitat. Payments in respect of this commitment must be equivalent to the 2019 value of these amounts by application of the CPI for each financial year from the date of this approval decision until the date on which any particular payment is made;
specify the location and nature of each proposed offset, along with detailed objectives, budget, timeframes, performance and completion criteria for evaluating conservation outcomes, and monitoring and reporting requirements;
include a description of the potential risks to the successful implementation of each proposed offset (including but not limited to environmental, administrative, financial, and governance risks);
include a description of measures that will be implemented to mitigate risks associated with each proposed offset and a description of the contingency measures that will be implemented if triggers arise or completion criteria are not met;
include processes to adaptively manage proposed offsets; and
include a justification for how the proposed offsets meet the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy.

The approval holder must implement the approved Offset Strategy. The approval holder must commence implementation of the proposed offsets in accordance with the Offset Strategy within two (2) months of the approval of the Offset Strategy, or at another time as agreed in writing by the Department.25/09/2019055. Subject to condition 7, within eight (8) months of approval of the Offset Strategy by the Minister, or otherwise in accordance with a date that has been agreed to in writing by the Department, the approval holder must submit a report to the Department detailing the extent of critical habitat cleared and supporting habitat cleared within the Railway Development Envelope, and the total amount of offset funds that have been allocated to the offset projects committed under the Offset Strategy and detail the implementation of offset projects. Subsequent reporting periods will be biennial, with the first biennial reporting period beginning the day after the first reporting period ends.
The total amount of offset funds allocated to offsets proposed under the Offset Strategy must be commensurate to the extent of critical habitat cleared or supporting habitat cleared within a reporting period.25/09/2019066. The approval holder may apply to the Department for a variation to the approved Offset Strategy under condition 4 by submitting an application in writing to the Department. The application must include:


the approval holders contact details, including referral number and ABN/ACN;
a draft of the proposed variation; and
written statement that sets out the reasons why the approval holder considers that the proposed variation is required.


A variation to the approved Offset Strategy must be approved by the Department in writing. If the varied Offset Strategy is approved by the Department, the varied Offset Strategy must be implemented from the date of approval of the varied Offset Strategy.25/09/2019077. If a Conservation Offset Fund has been established by the Western Australian Government, and approved by the Minister, then Conditions 4, 5 and 6 may not apply (or may cease to be applied) with agreement by the Department in writing. In such a case, the approval holder must provide funds biennially to the Conservation Offset Fund. The amount of funds must be based on the area of critical habitat and supporting habitat cleared in the biennial reporting period as set out below. The first biennial reporting period shall begin on the date of commencement of the action. The funds to be paid must be equivalent to the 2019 value of the following amounts by application of the CPI in each financial year from the date of this approval decision until the date on which any particular payment is made:


at least $3,000 AUD (exclusive of GST) per hectare of critical habitat cleared; and
at least $821.00 AUD (exclusive of GST) per hectare of supporting habitat cleared.


Each payment required by this condition must comprise the total required in respect of the most recently ended biennial reporting period and be received by the Conservation Offset Fund within one (1) month of the end of that biennial reporting period.25/09/2019088. Prior to making the payment required at Condition 7, the approval holder must submit written evidence to the Department of the total area, including shapefiles, of critical habitat and supporting habitat cleared, during the most recently ended biennial reporting period and the calculation (including working out) of the amount of funding that is required to be contributed to the Conservation Offset Fund for that biennial reporting period. Within 48 hours of the payment into the Conservation Offset Fund, evidence of these payments must be provided to the Department in writing.25/09/2019There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

