

Corunna Downs Iron Ore Mining Project, Pilbara Region, 33km south Marble Bar, WA











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending055. To compensate for the residual significant impacts to EPBC Act listed species, the approval holder must:
a. offset the residual significant impacts of clearing of up to:



57.76 hectares identified as critical habitat for at least one EPBC Act listed species within the disturbance footprint; and
358.03 hectares identified as suitable foraging habitat for the Pilbara Leaf-nosed Bat within the disturbance footprint and not already counted under a) i.;



by either submitting an Offset Strategy for the Minister’s approval, as set out in 5.b), or contributing to a Conservation Offset Fund, as set out in 5.f);
b. within 12 months of the commencement of the action, submit an Offset Strategy for the written approval of the Minister. The approved Offset Strategy must be implemented. The Offset Strategy must be a framework for how the residual significant impacts to EPBC Act listed species in conditions 5.a) i. and 5.a) ii. will be offset and must:

review and account for relevant approved conservation advices, recovery plans and threat abatement plans;
identify threats to EPBC Act listed species, and potential recovery actions and research opportunities; and
outline a process for developing Offset Projects, and a staged process for submitting Offset Projects to the Department for the written approval of the Department; 

c. in accordance with the approved Offset Strategy, submit Offset Projects to the Department for the written approval of the Department. Offset Project proposals submitted to the Department must:

include project goal(s), budget and a detailed Offset Project description, including timeframes for implementing the Offset Project, and reporting and publishing of the Offset Project results;
demonstrate how the Offset Project is consistent with the Offset Strategy;
outline consultations associated with developing the Offset Project;
outline how the Offset Project complies with the principles of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy and, if relevant, details of how the Offset Project meets the criteria for research and educational programs identified in Appendix A of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy; and
identify and manage risks associated with implementing the Offset Project. 

d. not commence an Offset Project until that Offset Project has been approved in writing by the Department. Approved Offset Projects must be implemented. The approval holder must make payments on Offset Projects, approved in accordance with condition 5.c), that are no less than the payments determined in accordance with condition 5.f).
If the approval holder wishes to implement an Offset Project otherwise than in accordance with the approved Offset Project, the approval holder must submit the revised Offset Project to the Department for approval.
e. not continue the action for more than 18 months from the date of commencement of the action unless either the Department has approved an Offset Project as specified in condition 5.c) or an advance payment has been made in accordance with condition 5.f) iv.
f) if contributing to a Conservation Offset Fund, rather than implementing conditions 5.b) - 5.e):i. for each hectare that is cleared from the date of commencement of the action to 30 June 2021, and then biennially during each subsequent 2-year period ending 30 June, determine the number of hectares as described under 5.a) i. and 5.a) ii. based on evidence of the actual clearing footprint which must be submitted by 30 October in the year following the reporting period;ii. for each period identified in f) i., make a payment to the Conservation Offset Fund of $3,000 for each hectare specified in a) i. and $1,500 for each hectare specified in a) ii.. All payments must be exclusive of GST and increased in accordance with the CPI from 1 July 2017. A payment may be reduced by an equal amount to compensate for advance payments made under f) iv.;iii. make the first payment no later than 31 January immediately following the end of the period to which the payment relates;iv. as an advance payment of f) ii., contribute:• $35,000 towards an offset that reduces the rate of decline of EPBC Act listed species, and ensures that viable populations of EPBC Act listed species remain in the Pilbara region; and• $75,000 towards an offset that reduces the rate of decline of the Pilbara Leaf-nosed Bat, and ensures that viable populations of Pilbara Leaf-nosed Bat remain in the Pilbara region;no later than 13 months from the Conservation Offset Fund being approved by the Minister for the purpose of providing environmental offsets in the Pilbara;v. submit evidence of each payment made under f) ii. and f) iv. to the Department within 2 months of the date of the payment; andvi. on completion of clearing, submit to the Department an impact reconciliation report verified by an independent third party. The Minister may adjust the final year payment and notify the approval holder in writing of the adjusted final payment amount required under f) ii. above, based on evidence of the actual clearing footprint provided in the impact reconciliation report.14/12/2021There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

