

Great Northern Highway-Bindoon Bypass, WA











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending04To compensate for the residual significant impact on protected matters, the approval holder must, within twelve months from the commencement of the action, submit an Offsets Strategy to the Department for approval by the Minister. The Offsets Strategy must:

identify a suitable environmental offset(s) for the Banksia Woodlands of the Swan Coastal Plain, Carnaby’s Black Cockatoo, Forest Red-Tailed Black Cockatoo, Chuditch and Gingin Wax;
demonstrate that the environmental offset meets the requirements of the Department’s EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy
Include summary information on all the impacted areas and detailed baseline information on the proposed offset(s) and achievable goals for the proposed habitat condition and quality scores
Specify goals and timeframes for achieving the proposed condition and quality of habitat at the proposed offset(s);
Specify how and at what frequency management and monitoring results will be reported to the Department and the public;
Include details of how the offset(s) will be protected in perpetuity

The approved Offset Strategy must be implemented by the approval holder from the date on which the Offset Strategy is approved by the Minister for the remainder of the life of the approval.14/10/202105Within 12 months of the date of approval of the Offset Strategy, the approval holder must submit for the Minister’s approval, an Offset Management Plan for each of the offset sites specified in the approved Offset Strategy. Each Offset Management Plan must be consistent with the Department’s Environmental Management Plan Guidelines, and must include the following:

The residual impacts to protected matters that will be compensated for by the offset. This must include the area(s) of habitat for protected matters and its condition and quality at all impact sites which the particular offset is to address.
The environmental objectives, relevant protected matters and a reference to the EPBC Act approval conditions to which the particular Offset Management Plan refers.
A table of commitments made in the Offset Management Plan to achieve the offset completion criteria demonstrating where the commitments are detailed in the Offset Management Plan.
Reporting and review mechanisms, and documentation standards to demonstrate compliance with management and environmental commitments in the Offset Management Plan.
An assessment of risks to achieving offset completion criteria and risk management strategies that will be applied. The assessment must include triggers and corrective actions and identify residual risks.
A monitoring program, which must include:

measurable performance indicators to monitor attainment of the offset completion criteria
trigger values for corrective actions
the timing and frequency of monitoring to detect trigger values and changes in the performance indicators
proposed corrective actions, if trigger values are reached or performance indicators not attained.

Links to referenced plans and applicable conditions of approval (including State approval conditions).
Each Offset Management Plan, as approved by the Minister in writing, must be implemented following approval by the Minister.

Note: A single Offset Management Plan providing the above in respect of all offset sites specified in the approved Offset Strategy may be submitted in place of separate Offset Management Plans.14/10/202106If the Offset Management Plan for each of the offset sites specified in the Offset Strategy has not been approved by the Minister in writing within 24 months of the approval of the Offset Strategy, and the Minister notifies the approval holder that one or more submitted Offset Management Plans are not suitable for approval, the Minister may, at least two months after notifying the approval holder, approve a version of the Offset Management Plan revised by the Department. The approval holder must implement each approved Offset Management Plan for the remainder of the life of the approval, or any subsequent version approved by the Minister.14/10/202107If the approved Offset Strategy submitted as required under condition 4 includes the installation of artificial nest hollows, to compensate for the residual significant impact on the Carnaby’s Black Cockatoo and Forest Red-Tailed Black Cockatoo, the approval holder must implement the Artificial Hollow Management Plan from the approval of the Offset Strategy by the Minister for the remainder of the life of the approval.14/10/2021There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

