

O'Herns Road and Hume Freeway Interchange Project, Vic











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending05Environmental Offsets
5. To compensate for the loss of 10.88 hectares of Golden Sun Moth habitat, prior to commencement of the action, the approval holder must:
a. Enter into a written bond agreement with Trust for Nature requiring Trust for Nature to hold funds in trust for the purpose of securing and managing an offset area of at least 78.8 hectares of Golden Sun Moth habitat at Sievers Lane, Glenhope, Victoria as identified in Appendix 4 of the Preliminary Documentation, or another offset area agreed to by the Minister in writing. A copy of the bond agreement must be provided to the Department within seven days following execution.
b. Provide a sum of $6 000 000 (excluding GST) to Trust for Nature to be held until such time as the offset area is identified and secured in accordance with condition 6a, at which time that sum will form the basis of the payment to purchase environmental services for the offset area.
i. The arrangements for the provision and expenditure of the funds must be set out in the written bond agreement. This must include provision that:
(a) if the cost of purchasing environmental services is greater than $6 000 000 the approval holder must provide additional funds to Trust for Nature, but
(b) if the cost of purchasing environmental services is less than $6 000 000 surplus funds will be returned to the approval holder.17/06/2019066. To provide for the conservation and enhancement of Golden Sun Moth habitat the approval holder must:
a. Within 12 months of the date of this approval, execute a Credit Trading Agreement for the provision of environmental services at the offset area. The approval holder must not execute a Credit Trading Agreement until the Minister has approved the Offset Management Plan required under condition 8.
b. The Department must be provided with a copy of the signed Credit Trading Agreement within 4 weeks following its execution.
c. Within 12 months of the date of signing the Credit Trading Agreement, provide written evidence to the Department that the signed conservation covenant for the offset area has been registered on the title of the offset area.
d. The Department must be provided with a copy of the signed conservation covenant within 4 weeks following registration on the title of the offset area.17/06/2019077. Within 14 Days of the offset, required under condition 6, being secured the approval holder must provide the Department with:
a. written evidence demonstrating that the offset has been secured;
b. shapefiles and offset attributes that clearly define the location and boundaries of the offset area.17/06/2019088. The approval holder must submit to the Department an Offset Management Plan for the offset area. The Offset Management Plan must:
a. be prepared by a suitably qualified person, and be consistent with the Department’s Environmental Management Plan Guidelines and the EPBC Act Environmental Offset Policy.
b. demonstrate how the offset area and environmental services will compensate for the loss of 10.88 hectares of Golden Sun Moth habitat consistent with the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy
c. include, but not be limited to:
i. a description of the offset area including location, size, condition, environmental values present and surrounding land uses;
ii. baseline data and other supporting evidence that documents the presence and baseline quality of the Golden Sun Moth habitat within the offset area;
iii. maps and shapefiles of the offset area;
iv. specific objectives to demonstrate Golden Sun Moth habitat quality improvement over the life of the approval;
v. specific management actions, and timeframes for implementation, to be carried out to meet the specific objectives to improve the quality of the Golden Sun Moth habitat within the offset area;
vi. key performance indicators to demonstrate the improvement to the quality of Golden Sun Moth habitat;
vii. the nature, timing and frequency of monitoring to determine the success of management actions against key performance indicators;
viii. indicative corrective actions that will be implemented in the event monitoring activities indicate key performance indicators are not or are unlikely to be achieved;
ix. the roles and responsibilities for implementing the management actions;
x. Evidence of consistency with relevant conservation advices, recovery plans and/or threat abatement plans;
xi. Commitments to maintain or improve the extent and quality of habitat and populations of other EPBC Act listed threatened species and ecological communities in the offset area.17/06/2019There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

