

Perdaman Urea Project, near Karratha, WA











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending10Should the Minister determine that the Pilbara Environmental Offsets Fund is likely to fail for one or more protected matter(s), the Minister may write to the approval holder asking to provide evidence that failure has not occurred or is unlikely to occur and nominating a deadline by which this must be provided.a. If, after considering any information provided by the approval holder as required under condition 9(h) of this approval, by the deadline nominated by the Minister, the Minister determines that the Pilbara Environmental Offsets Fund has failed for one or all species named in condition 9 of this approval, the approval holder must submit for the Minister’s approval, within 4 months of being notified by the Minister, an Offset Strategy consistent with the principles of the Environmental Offsets Policy to the satisfaction of the Minister.b. If the Offset Strategy has not been approved by the Minister in writing within 6 months of the notification by the Minister under condition 10(a) of this approval, and the Minister notifies the approval holder that the Offset Strategy is not suitable for approval, the Minister may, at least 2 months after so notifying the approval holder, approve a version of the Offset Strategy revised by the Department. The approval holder must commence implementation of the approved Offset Strategy within 2 months of the approval of the Offset Strategy by the Minister in writing, or another time as agreed in writing by the Minister. The approval holder must implement the approved Offset Strategy for the life of the project.c. The Offset Strategy to be provided for the Minister’s approval, if required by condition 10(a) of this approval, must provide a framework for how the residual significant impacts from the approved action on the Pilbara Olive Python, Northern Quoll, Ghost Bat and Migratory Shorebirds will be offset and must detail:
i. how the strategy will achieve the outcomes required under condition 9(b) of this approval;ii. how it accounts for relevant approved conservation advices, recovery plans and threat abatement plans; iii. the party to be responsible for implementing the proposed offset(s);iv. the location and nature of the proposed offset(s);v. detailed objectives, outcomes, and timeframes for their achievement;vi. budget;vii. performance and completion criteria for evaluating conservation or research outcomes;viii. project monitoring (with indicators and measures) capable of detecting progress towards and achievement of the required outcomes;ix. reporting of specified outputs/offset activities, progress towards and achievement of the required outcomes, and evaluation of appropriateness of measures implemented;x. a description of the potential risks to the successful implementation of each proposed offset (including but not limited to environmental, administrative, financial, and governance risks);xi. a description of the measures that will be implemented to mitigate risk associated with each proposed offset and a description of the contingency actions that will be implemented if performance or completion criteria are not met; xii. processes to adaptively manage the proposed offset;xiii. how the proposed offset is consistent with the Environmental Offsets Policy; and xiv. how the approval holder will ensure that the measures to be implemented as part of the Offsets Strategy have no detrimental impact on any threatened species listed under the EPBC Act.26/02/2022There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

