

Tonkin Highway Extension – Thomas Road to South Western Highway











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending09Offsets
9.  To compensate for the residual significant impact on listed threatened species and communities, the approval holder must, within 12 months from the commencement of the action, submit an Offsets Strategy for approval by the Minister. The Offsets Strategy must:


Identify a suitable environmental offset(s) for the impacts on listed threatened species and communities, that satisfies the requirements of the Environmental Offsets Policy; including offsets for:


346 potential breeding trees for black cockatoos;


34.09 ha of foraging habitat for black cockatoos;


165 individual Tetraria australiensis;


0.13 ha of Corymbia calophylla – Kingia australis Woodlands and Shrublands of the Swan Coastal Plain TEC; and


3.94 ha of Corymbia calophylla – Xanthorrhoea preissii Woodlands and Shrublands of the Swan Coastal Plain TEC.




 Include summary information on the impacted areas and detailed baseline information on the proposed offset(s) and commit to achievable ecological outcomes for the proposed offset(s) that will meet the requirements of the Environmental Offsets Policy;


Specify goals and approximate timeframes for achieving the proposed condition and quality of habitat at the proposed offset (s);


Specify how and at what frequency management and monitoring results will be reported to the Department and the public; and


Detail how the offset(s) will be protected in perpetuity.18/08/20211010. The approval holder must submit for the Minister’s approval, within 18 months of the date of approval of the Offset Strategy, an Offset Management Plan for each of the offset sites specified in the approved Offset Strategy. Each Offset Management Plan must be consistent with the Department’s Environmental Management Plan Guidelines, and must include the following:


A summary of the residual impacts to protected matters that will be compensated for by the offset. This summary must include the area(s) of habitat for protected matters and its condition and quality at all impact sites which the particular offset is to address.


The environmental objectives, relevant protected matters and a reference to the EPBC Act approval conditions to which the particular Offset Management Plan refers.


A table of commitments made in the Offset Management Plan to achieve the offset completion criteria, and a reference to where the commitments are detailed in the Offset Management Plan.


Reporting and review mechanisms, and documentation standards to demonstrate compliance with management and environmental commitments in the Offset Management Plan.


An assessment of risks to achieving offset completion criteria and risk management strategies that will be applied.


A monitoring program, which must include:


measurable performance indicators to monitor attainment of the offset completion criteria


trigger values for corrective actions


the timing and frequency of monitoring to detect trigger values and changes in the performance indicators




proposed corrective actions, if trigger values are reached or performance indicators not attained.


Links to referenced plans and applicable conditions of approval (including State approval conditions).Note: A single Offset Management Plan providing the above in respect of all offset sites specified in the approved Offset Strategy may be submitted in place of separate Offset Management Plans.


Each Offset Management Plan, as approved by the Minister in writing, must be implemented following approval by the Minister.
Note: A single Offset Management Plan providing the above in respect of all offset sites specified in the approved Offset Strategy may be submitted in place of separate Offset Management Plans.18/08/20211111. If the Offset Management Plan for each of the offset sites specified in the Offset Strategy has not been approved by the Minister in writing within 24 months of the approval of the Offset Strategy, and the Minister notifies the approval holder that one or more submitted Offset Management Plans are not suitable for approval, the Minister may, at least two months after so notifying the approval holder, approve a version of the Offset Management Plan revised by the Department. The approval holder must implement each approved Offset Management Plan for the remainder of the life of the approval.18/08/2021There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

