

Goyder South Hybrid Renewable Energy Facility - OTL and Substation, Worlds End











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending04To compensate for residual significant impacts to the Iron-grass Natural Temperate Grassland of South Australia TEC, the approval holder must submit to the Department for the Minister’s approval an Offset Management Plan (OMP) within 6 months of the date of this approval.The OMP must:
a. be consistent with the Environmental Management Plan Guidelines; 
b. include a reference to the EPBC Act approval conditions to which the OMP refers;c. include summary information on the residual significant impacts to the Iron-grass Natural Temperate Grassland of South Australia TEC that will be compensated for by the offset(s);d. identify a suitable environmental offset(s) to compensate for residual significant impacts to the Iron-grass Natural Temperate Grassland of South Australia TEC which meets the requirements of the Environmental Offsets Policy to the satisfaction of the Minister;e. include the size of the proposed offset(s) in hectares, maps that visually describe the location and accurate boundaries of the offset(s), in accordance with the Guide to providing maps and boundary data for EPBC Act projects, and detailed baseline habitat quality information on the proposed offset(s);f. specify the nature and timing of the proposed legal mechanism to secure the offset area(s), with proposed contingency measures for if the specified legal mechanism is not established within the specified timeframe;g. commit to measurable and achievable ecological benefits and provide timeframes for their achievement;h. detail how the offset(s) will be protected, and how ecological benefits will be maintained once achieved;i. detail a monitoring program which will determine progress towards achievement and maintenance of the ecological benefits of the proposed offset(s), which must include:
 
i. measurable performance indicators to monitor the progress of the offset towards the achievement of the ecological benefits; 
ii. trigger values for corrective actions; and 
iii. the timing and frequency of monitoring to detect trigger values and changes in the performance indicators;
 
j. include an assessment of risks to achieving the ecological benefit(s) and what risk management strategies will be applied to address these;k. specify how and at what frequency offset(s) management results, monitoring program findings and assessments of ecological benefits will be reported to the Department and the public;l. propose corrective actions, if trigger values are reached, or if performance indicators are not attained, to ensure ecological benefit are achieved and maintained once achieved;m. include links to referenced plans and applicable conditions of approval (including State approval conditions), if any; andn. justify and specify the period for which the OMP will be implemented.The approval holder must not commence operation until the OMP has been approved by the Minister in writing. The approval holder must implement the approved OMP for the period described in the approved OMP.05If the OMP (required under Condition 4) has not been approved by the Minister in writing within 18 months of the date of this approval, and the Minister notifies the approval holder that the submitted OMP is not suitable for approval, the Minister may, at least 2 months after so notifying the approval holder, approve a version of the OMP revised by the Department.06The approval holder must provide written evidence to the Department that the offset site(s) required under the approved OMP has/have been acquired and secured within 12 months of the OMP approval date. The approval holder must provide written evidence to the Department identifying the legal securing mechanism by which each offset site will be permanently protected for conservation within 10 business days of securing the offset.
 
Note: The approval holder may choose to combine the OMPs required as conditions of approval for other proposed elements of the Goyder South Hybrid Renewable Energy Facility. In this case, the approval holder must clearly demonstrate how the offset requirement(s) for each individual proposed element is being met and identify unique offset area(s) for each approved action geospatially.There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

