

Sanjiv Ridge Project - Stage 2











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending10Should the Minister determine that a project under the Pilbara Environmental Offsets Fund is likely to fail for one or more protected matter(s), the Minister may write to the approval holder asking to provide evidence that failure has not occurred or is unlikely to occur and nominate a deadline by which this must be provided. ​​​​​​​8To compensate for the residual significant impacts to Northern Quoll, Ghost Bat, Pilbara Leaf-nosed Bat and Pilbara Olive Python, the approval holder must make financial contributions to the Pilbara Environmental Offsets Fund.9In contributing to the Pilbara Environmental Offsets Fund, the approval holder must: 
Contribute funds toward an offset activity or activities that: 
reduces the rate of decline of the Northern Quoll, Ghost Bat, Pilbara Leaf-nosed Bat and Pilbara Olive Python;ensures a viable population of Northern Quoll, Ghost Bat, Pilbara Leaf-nosed Bat and Pilbara Olive Python remain in the Pilbara region; has specified outcomes and performance indicators, and timeframes and milestones for their achievement; includes a monitoring program that detects achievement of performance indicators, milestones and the outcomes; andrequires regular reporting to the approval holder of the outcomes of the offset activity or activities their funding has contributed towards. Prior to the approval of the Impact Reconciliation Procedure in accordance with Condition 5-5 of the WA Approval, seek written endorsement of the Impact Reconciliation Procedure from the department. The approval holder must not commence the action until the Impact Reconciliation Procedure is endorsed by the department in writing and approved by DWER. The Impact Reconciliation Procedure must include the information required by Condition 5-5 of the WA Approval and the estimated financial contributions that will be paid into the Pilbara Environmental Offsets Fund per hectare of habitat as per the values described in 9(d), for each protected matter that is impacted and the schedule of contributions to be made over the life of the approval.Following receipt of the DWER notification of approval of the Impact Reconciliation Procedure, and prior to Commencement of the Action, make a payment of at least 10% of the estimated total contribution to be paid into the Pilbara Environmental Offsets Fund, which will contribute towards achieving the requirements of condition 9(a) of this approval.Make biennial payments to the Pilbara Environmental Offsets Fund based on evidence of the actual clearing footprint in accordance with the timing specified in condition 5-5(4) of the WA Approval. Biennial payments must be equivalent to or greater than the value of the following amounts, by adjustment in accordance with the CPI from the date of this approval decision until the date on which any payment is made, of:
a minimum of $3,306 AUD (excluding GST) per hectare of critical habitat; anda minimum of $1,653 AUD (excluding GST) per hectare of supporting habitat.Submit evidence of each payment made to the DWER within 10 business days of the date of making a payment.Include details of progress towards, or achievement of, the outcomes specified under condition 9a for the Northern Quoll, Ghost Bat, Pilbara Leaf-nosed Bat and Pilbara Olive Python in each compliance report submitted to the department.On completion of the clearing, as outlined in the Impact Reconciliation Procedure, submit to the department a final Impact Reconciliation Report that provides evidence of the actual clearing footprint that has occurred over the life of the approval.Write to the Minister, within 10 business days of being aware or having concerns that the offset outcomes specified for the Pilbara Environmental Offsets Fund project(s) may not be achieved for the Northern Quoll, Ghost Bat, Pilbara Leaf-nosed Bat and Pilbara Olive Python.There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

