

Peel's Retreat Estate - Residential development











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending22. To minimise the impacts on Carnaby’s Black-Cockatoo (Calyptorhynchus latirostris) and Baudin’s Black-Cockatoo (Calyptorhynchus baudinii) the person taking the action must implement measures to assist in the long term protection of the species. The measures must include (but not be limited to):

Habitat identified in the northern greenbelt corridor in the site plan at Attachment 1 is to be retained for conservation purposes in perpetuity, but this excludes .992 ha of native vegetation in the northern greenbelt corridor that is to be cleared for the purposes of constructing a firebreak and a pedestrian path as required by the City of Mandurah. This .992 ha of native vegetation is illustrated in Attachment 1 by the serrated purple line (firebreak required by City of Mandurah) and the blue line showing the pedestrian access path. Clearing of local native trees (over storey) and understorey vegetation outside of this .992 ha in the areas as shown in Attachment 1 and described above, must not occur in the northern greenbelt corridor. The northern greenbelt corridor is to be rehabilitated only with local native flora (Banksia, Callistemon, Dryandra, Eucalyptus, Grevillea, Hakea and Lambertia species), in consultation with WA DEC and local planning authorities.
Clearing of local native trees (over storey) identified as public open space (POS) in the centre of the development site plan at Attachment 1 ( entire area shown to be surrounded by pine and ringlock fencing in Attachment 1) may only occur for the provision of services and drainage. Rehabilitation of understorey and over storey vegetation is to occur in the central POS with local native flora (Banksia, Callistemon, Dryandra, Eucalyptus, Grevillea, Hakea and Lambertia species) suitable for foraging by Baudin’s and Carnaby’s Black-Cockatoo. The central POS (entire area shown to be surrounded by pine and ringlock fencing in Attachment 1) is to be preserved in perpetuity.
Clearing of local native trees (over storey) identified as public open space (POS) in the south of the development site plan at Attachment 1 must not occur. Understorey vegetation in the southern POS is to be retained and rehabilitated with local native flora (Banksia, Callistemon, Dryandra, Eucalyptus, Grevillea, Hakea and Lambertia species), in consultation with WA DEC and local planning authorities.
Development and implementation of a management plan which conserves habitat (Banksia, Callistemon, Dryandra, Eucalyptus, Grevillea, Hakea and Lambertia species) on site for the Carnaby’s Black-Cockatoo in consultation with WA DEC and local planning authorities. The plan must be submitted to the Department for approval within 3 months of the date of this approval decision.
In consultation with WA DEC and local planning authorities, rehabilitation of over storey vegetation is to occur on all road verges within the development site with local native flora (Banksia, Callistemon, Dryandra, Eucalyptus, Grevillea, Hakea or Lambertia species) suitable for foraging by Baudin’s and Carnaby’s Black-Cockatoo. Burtonia Pty Ltd and Carine Nominees will plant and establish over storey on all road verges immediately on practical completion of development works and will maintain the rehabilitated road verges for a period of 18 months after practical completion of development works.
Erection of signs (1m x 2m) in areas adjacent to the public open spaces and greenbelt corridor, within 6 months of the commencement of construction to inform the community about the environmental value and significance of the Baudin’s and Carnaby’s Black Cockatoo population and the role played by vegetation habitat and corridors. Information on the signs must be clearly visible and legible.
Inclusion of information in the sales contract for the residential lots which explains the significance of the site to Baudin’s and Carnaby’s Black-Cockatoos and outlines appropriate actions residents can take, such as:

planting local native species in their gardens (Banksia, Callistemon, Dryandra, Eucalyptus, Grevillea, Hakea and Lambertia species); and
reducing attacks from domestic animals by restraining particularly in the greenbelt corridor and southern POS.


Construction and erection of no less than 5 artificial Black-Cockatoo hollows within each public open space and greenbelt corridor to the satisfaction of DEC within 3 months of habitat clearance commencing on the development site.
The five mitigation measures as listed in the small box entitled ‘Offset to Mitigate Variation’ at Attachment 1 must be completed, and all revegetated areas must be preserved in perpetuity.6/09/2011There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

