

Upgrade of Keepit Dam on the Namoi River











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions











Offset Name








Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending022. The person taking the action must develop a Keepit Dam White Box Yellow Box Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland Management Plan to protect and enhance offset areas described in the report Keepit Dam Upgrade Biodiversity Offsets Proposed Offsets Areas dated 23 October 2009. The Management Plan must specify:
The purpose of the Plan including desired outcomes of implementing the Plan;The short (within 12 months from the date of this approval), medium (within three years from the date of this approval) and long term (within five years from the date of this approval) measures that would be employed to implement the Plan;Strategies to create and enhance habitat linkages with surrounding woodland remnants;Details of how the person taking the action will provide for the long term security of the offset areas, including the placement of covenants on the land titles for the offset areas;Procedures to be implemented for:Managing the remnant vegetation and habitat on site;Managing impacts on EPBC listed threatened fauna;Protecting areas outside the disturbance areas;Controlling weeds and feral pests, andControlling access.Performance and completion criteria against which the level of performance and point at which completion of the implementation of the Plan can be determined;A description of how performance of the implementation of the Plan must be monitored over time against the objectives and completion criteria;A description of the potential risks to rehabilitation in the offset areas, and a description of the contingency measures that must be implemented to mitigate these risks; andDetails of who is responsible for monitoring, reviewing, implementing and funding the Plan.
The Keepit Dam White Box Yellow Box Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland Management Plan must be submitted to the Minister for approval within 4 months of the date of this approval. The approved Plan must be implemented.
The actions required to achieve the long term security of the offset areas (including the placement of covenants on the land titles for the offset areas) must be completed within 12 months of the date of this approval.10/01/2010033. The person taking the action must ensure the White Box Yellow Box Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland Management Plan:

provides for monitoring of the impacts of mineral exploration and extraction on the viability of the White Box Yellow Box Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community in the offset areas;
identifies measures of viability that are critical thresholds which indicate a reduction in viability of the White Box Yellow Box Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community in the offset areas. An exceedance of these thresholds will trigger a requirement for the person proposing to take the action to put in place management actions to address any reduction in viability;
identifies critical thresholds which, once exceeded, will trigger a requirement for the person proposing to source an additional area (approved in writing by the Department) containing White Box Yellow Box Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community to compensate for the impacts that mineral exploration and extraction will have on this ecological community.10/01/2010There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

