

Alpha Coal Project - Mine and Rail Development











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descendingPart A - 04Biodiversity Offset Strategy
4. To compensate for any authorised unavoidable impacts on MNES as provided by condition 2 and as confirmed by the pre-clearance survey requirements in condition 3, a Biodiversity Offset Strategy must be submitted for approval by the Minister within 12 months of approval of the MMP.
The Biodiversity Offset Strategy must identify land within the Galilee Basin region that has been acquired by the proponent and will be managed for environmental gain and protected by covenant until 2073. All offsets must be secured under relevant Queensland legislation within 3 years of commencement of construction.
The Biodiversity Offset Strategy must provide details of the offset areas including; maps and site descriptions, environmental values relevant to MNES, connectivity with other habitats and biodiversity corridors, a rehabilitation program, and conservation and management measures for long term protection.

Offsets of 8:1 (offsets:impacted) must be found for disturbance impacts to:

Habitat identified in pre-clearance surveys as high value habitat with potential micro habitat features required for Poephila cincta cincta (Black-throated Finch).


Offsets of 8:1 (offsets:impacted) must be found for disturbance impacts to the following listed endangered ecological communities:

Semi-evergreen vine thickets of the Brigalow Belt (North and South) and Nandewar Bioregions; Natural Grasslands of the Queensland Central Highlands and the northern Fitzroy Basin; Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant).


Offsets of 8:1 (offsets:impacted) must be found for disturbance impacts to potential or confirmed habitat, which includes micro habitat features, for the species through the pre-clearance surveys, for:

Geophaps scripta scripta (Squatter Pigeon (Southern)); Dasyurus hallucatus (Northern Quoll); Paradelma orientalis (Brigalow Scaly-foot); Denisonia maculata (Ornamental Snake); Egernia rugosa (Yakka Skink); Eucalyptus raveretiana (Black Ironbox); Croton magneticus; Dicanthium queenslandicum; Dicanthium setosum; Lerista allanae (Retro Slider).


Offsets of 4:1 (offsets:impacted) must be found for disturbance impacts to:

Habitat identified as high value potential or confirmed, which includes micro habitat required for the species, through the pre-clearance surveys for: Nyctophilus timoriensis (Greater Long-eared Bat); Erythrotriorchis radiatus (Red Goshawk) and Rostratula australis (Australian Painted Snipe).


Should the pre-clearance surveys undertaken in accordance with the requirements of conditions 2 and 3, result in changes to the maximum disturbance limits in Table 1 and the high value habitat identified in Table 2, then the person taking the action must present this information to the Minister.

If this information is supported by expert independent scientific opinion and is presented to the Minister within 36 months of commencement of the action, a revised offset ratio may then be approved by the Minister.
The Biodiversity Offset Strategy must be implemented.
If the approved Biodiversity Offset Strategy cannot be implemented because of failure of arrangements to secure the necessary area of private land, then the proponent must notify the Minister of failure to secure and then submit for the Ministers approval an alternative Biodiversity Offset Strategy.
The alternative Biodiversity Offset Strategy must provide at least an equivalent environmental outcome to those specified in this condition. The approved alternative Biodiversity Offset Strategy must be implemented.27/08/2014Part A - 07Vegetation Management Plan
7. The person taking the action must submit a Vegetation Management Plan to the Minister for approval. The plan must address the following requirements:

make reference to the Biodiversity Offset Strategy as outlined in condition 4;
make reference to the Black-throated Finch Research Plan as outlined in condition 6(b);
make reference to the Squatter Pigeon Research Plan as outlined in condition 6(b);
management measures for habitat identified within the Biodiversity Offset Strategy (condition 4) with input from experts with relevant expertise to native vegetation management in the Galilee Basin;
a monitoring program to be undertaken to;

measure the success of management measures to inform an adaptive management approach that must be implemented;
report on milestones and compliance with this plan.


the Vegetation Management Plan must also identify thresholds for intervention, where rehabilitation and vegetation management measures are exceeded; and
the choice of suitably qualified experts will be agreed with the Minister.

The Vegetation Management Plan must be submitted for the approval of the Minister within six months of the commencement of construction.
The approved Vegetation Management Plan must be implemented.27/08/2014There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

