

Codrilla Open Cut Coal Mining and Processing Operation with Associated Infrastructure











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending06Biodiversity Offsets
Offste Strategy
6. Prior to clearing any Brigalow Community or Ornamental Snake Habitat the person taking the action must submit to the Minister for approval an Offset Strategy that identifies an Offset Area that compensates for impacts to the Brigalow community and habitat for the Ornamental Snake. The person taking the action must not clear any Brigalow Community or Ornamental Snake Habitat until the Offset Strategy is approved by the Minister.29/05/2012077. The Offset Strategy must:

provide the Department with a description and map that clearly defines the offset area, and is accompanied by the Offset Attributes and a Shapefile;
comply with the Department's environmental Offsets Policy and adequately compensate for impacts to the Brigalow Community and Ornamental Snake;
specify the management actions intended to be taken in the offset area (for e.g. weed and feral predator control); and
specify how the offset area will be legally secured.29/05/201208Securing the offset area
8. Within 12 months of first clearing any Brigalow Community or Ornamental Snake Habitat the person taking the action must provide the Department with evidence that the offset area is legally secured.29/05/20121010. The Offset Management Plan must:

include measures to:

maintain or improve the extent and quality of habitat within the offset area for the Brigalow Community and the Ornamental Snake;
control weed species within the offset area;
control feral species within the offset area (control measures must include consideration of measures that extend beyond the offset area to be effective);
prohibit grazing activities within the offset area;


detail administrative matters including:

funding for implementation of the Offset Management Plan;
performance indicators;
roles and responsibilities;
monitoring and reporting standards;


identify other EPBC listed threatened species and ecological communities that occur within and will benefit from the offset area;
ensure that actions taken as part of the Offset Management Plan have no detrimental impact on other matters of national environmental significance listed under the EPBC Act; and
provide the Department with a description and map that clearly defines the offset area, and is accompanied by the Offset Attributes and a Shapefile.29/05/201212Variation
12. If the person taking the action wishes to carry out any activity otherwise than in accordance with the Offset Strategy or Offset Management Plan as specified in the conditions, the person taking the action must submit to the Department for the Minister's written approval a revised version of the Offset Strategy or Offset Management Plan. The varied activity shall not commence until the Minister has approved the varied Offset Strategy or Offset Management Plan in writing. The Minister will not approve a varied Offset Strategy or Offset Management Plan unless the revised Offset Strategy or Offset Management Plan would result in an equivalent or improved environmental outcome over time. If the Minister approves the revised Offset Strategy or Offset Management Plan, the revised Offset Strategy or Offset Management Plan must be implemented in place of the Offset Strategy or Offset Management Plan originally approved.29/05/2012There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

