

Expansion of Coal Seam Gas Fields











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending02727. The proponent must prepare an Offset Plan to provide an offset area for the approved disturbance limits relating to MNES within the project area. The offset area to be secured must be an area of private land which includes at least:

73.44 ha of potential Egernia rugosa (Yakka Skink) habitat which includes micro habitat required for the species; and
262.49* ha of potential Furina dunmalli (Dunmall's Snake) habitat which includes micro habitat required for the species; and
41.36 ha of Semi-evergreen vine thickets of the Brigalow Belt (North and South) and Nandewar Bioregions; and
1000.2 ha of Brigalow with representation of the following;

30% remnant Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant); and
70% which is a combination of:

high value regrowth Brigalow; and
other Brigalow regrowth with potential for management to remnant Brigalow status.





Note 1: Offsetting requirements for some species' habitat may be accommodated within the Brigalow components if good quality habitat (according to the methodology described in Australia Pacific LNG Fauna Habitat Calculations for the Gas Fields Q-LNG01-15-RP-0014 (of 16 November 2010) is verified as present and includes specific habitat requirements for each relevant species.
Note 2: For the Brigalow and Semi-evergreen vine thicket ecological communities, the pipeline referral (EPBC 2009/4976) offset requirements are incorporated into this approval.15/07/201302828.	The Offset Plan must include details of the offset area including: the timing and arrangements for securing properties, maps and site description, environmental values relevant to MNES, connectivity with other habitats and biodiversity corridors, a rehabilitation program, and mechanisms for long-term protection, conservation and management.  

21/02/201102929.	The Offset Plan must be submitted for the approval of the Minister within 9 months of the commencement of the action. The approved Offset Plan must be implemented.

21/02/201103030. If the approved Offset Plan cannot be implemented because of failure of arrangements to secure the necessary area of private land then the proponent must submit for the Minister's approval an alternative Offset Plan. The alternative Offset Plan must provide at least an equivalent environmental outcome to those specified under condition 27. The approved alternative Offset Plan must be implemented.21/02/201103131.	If the proponent proposes any action within a proposed offset area, other than actions related to managing that area as an offset property, approval must be obtained, in writing from the Department. In seeking Departmental approval the proponent must provide a detailed assessment of the proposed action including a map identifying where the action is proposed to take place and an assessment of all associated adverse impacts on MNES. If the Department agrees to the action within the proposed offset site, the area identified for the action must be excised from the proposed offset and alternative offsets secured of equal or greater environmental value in relation to the impacted MNES.

21/02/201103232. The proponent must secure the offset within 4 years of commencement.24/10/2014033Offset Area Management
33. Within 12 months of securing the offset area required under the approved Offset Plan, the proponent must develop an Offset Area Management Plan which must specify measures to improve the environmental values of the offset area in relation to MNES, including:

the documentation and mapping of current environmental values relevant to MNES of the area;
measures to address threats to MNES including but not limited to grazing pressure and damage by livestock and adverse impacts from feral animals and weeds;
measures to provide fire management regimes appropriate for the MNES;
management of revegetation areas to the stage where habitat is established or improved for listed species and revegetation areas meet the criteria for 'remnant status' for that threatened ecological community;
an objective that revegetation areas for Brigalow meet the criteria applicable at the time for 'remnant status', and measures to ensure application is made to have the revegetation areas reclassified as 'remnant vegetation' in accordance with the relevant Queensland legislation;
monitoring, including the undertaking of ecological surveys to assess the success of the management measures against identified milestones and objectives;
performance measures and reporting requirements against identified objectives, including trigger levels for corrective actions and the actions to be taken to ensure performance measures and objectives are met.21/02/201103434.	Within 12 months of securing the offset area the Offset Area Management Plan must be submitted for the approval of the Minister. The approved Offset Area Management Plan must be implemented. 

21/02/2011035Rehabilitation Area Offset
35. Within 4 years of the commencement of gas field development the proponent must secure a Rehabilitation Area Offset of at least 1209.67 hectares of privately held property to compensate for indirect adverse impacts on MNES. The proponent must:

obtain ownership or a legally binding agreement from a landowner over an area of property to re-establish areas in perpetuity of the threatened Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant) ecological community, Semi-evergreen vine thickets of the Brigalow Belt (North and South) and Nandewar Bioregions and associated listed migratory and listed threatened species habitat; and
notify the Department in writing within 30 business days of securing the Rehabilitation Area Offset.

Note: The Rehabilitation Area Offset is an additional area to the Offset area required under condition 27.24/10/201403636. The Rehabilitation Area Offset must:

be within historical distributions of the ecological community (before clearing occurred) and as close as possible to the project area;
include intact elements of remnant and/or high value regrowth of the ecological communities; and
include or have potential for providing habitat and micro habitat requirements for listed migratory and threatened species (i.e. those in Table 3 that relate to this ecological community).21/02/2011There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading...

<
1
2
>

 Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

