

Establishment of Galilee Coal Mine and Associated Infrastructure











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending077. If any disturbance limits associated with Project mine or rail corridor activities for EPBC Act listed threatened species and communities stated in Table 1 are predicted to be exceeded, the approval holder must:

contact the department in writing before reaching the disturbance limit in Table 1 and provide the actual and predicted amount of disturbance in hectares for each species or ecological community;
submit a new offset proposal for the EPBC Act listed threatened species and ecological community in accordance with the EPBC Act Offsets Policy to the Minister for approval in writing; and
include timeframes for implementing and securing the proposed offsets in the offset proposal.19/12/2013088. The offset proposal in condition 7 must be approved by the Minister in writing before the approval holder reaches the disturbance limits specified in Table 1.19/12/201309Offset Management Plan
9. To compensate for authorised unavoidable impacts on MNES (see Table 1), the approval holder must submit an Offset Management Plan to the Minister for approval.19/12/20131010. The following table specifies the minimum offsets which must be secured for unavoidable authorised impacts to EPBC Act listed threatened species and communities in respect of disturbance limits estimated in Table 1:
 Table 2: Offsets required for EPBC Act listed threatened species and communities: 



Species 
Required offset: Primary Habitat


Black-throated Finch
10,000 hectares


Squatter Pigeon 
6,000 hectares


Red Goshawk
383 hectares


Northern Quoll
500 hectares


Yakka Skink
5,800 hectares


Ornamental Snake
270 hectares


Dunmalls Snake
72 hectares


Threatened Ecological Community


Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant)
199 hectares



The Offset Management Plan must be consistent with the Galilee Basin Offset Strategy, and must include:

details of the offset areas (including maps in electronic Geographic Information System (GIS) format), site descriptions, environmental values relevant to MNES, amounts of primary habitat for each MNES (in hectares), connectivity with other habitat and biodiversity corridors, a rehabilitation program, and conservation and management measures for long-term protection;
a detailed survey and description of the condition of the offset area/s prior to any management activities, including existing MNES habitat and vegetation which has the potential to be restored or improved (the baseline condition);
details of how the offset/s have been or will be legally secured;
discussion of connectivity of the offset area/s with other habitats and biodiversity corridors;
a description of the potential risks to the successful implementation of the Offset Management Plan, and include details of the contingency measures that will be implemented to mitigate against these risks;
management measures for MNES and MNES habitat with written evidence of input from a suitably qualified expert who has relevant expertise in the management of native vegetation of the Galilee Basin;
a monitoring program for the offset site/s. The monitoring program must:

clearly set out performance indicators;
measure the success of the management measures against stated performance criteria;
include monitoring parameters, frequencies, triggers, corrective actions, timing and scope for the duration of project approval;


details of how the plan will be updated to incorporate and address outcomes from research undertaken for EPBC Act listed threatened species and communities, including the research required under this approval;
an outline of how milestones and compliance will be reported; and
details of who will be undertaking monitoring, review, and implementation of the Offset Management Plan (if this person is not the approval holder).19/12/20131111. The Offset Management Plan must include, in writing, commitments from the approval holder that demonstrate that the offset area/s required in Table 2 will be met.19/12/20131212. Offsets detailed in the Offset Management Plan must be legally secured within three years of commencement of Project Stage 2 or as required under relevant Queensland legislation, whichever is earlier.19/12/20131313. The Offset Management Plan must be approved by the Minister in writing within 12 months of the commencement of Project Stage 2.19/12/2013There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

