

Continued Mining Operations and Construction of Associated Infrastructure











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending022. To offset impacts on the listed White Box-Yellow Box Blakely’s Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grasslands threatened ecological community, and foraging habitat of the listed Swift Parrot, Regent Honeyeater and Large-eared Pied Bat, the person taking the action must register a legally binding conservation covenant in perpetuity over the Bobadeen Offset Area and Bobadeen East Offset Area as described in Appendix 1. The covenants must be registered by no later than 31 December 2018 and covenant conditions must ensure that management is for the protection and enhancement of the matters of national environmental significance identified above.4/10/2018033. To offset the impacts to the White Box - Yellow Box - Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodlands and Derived Native Grasslands ecological community, and to the habitat for the Swift Parrot, Regent Honeyeater and Large - eared Pied Bat, the person taking the action must, before commencement of operations (excluding first workings), obtain the Minister's approval of an Offset Management Plan for the Bobadeen and the Bobadeen East Offset Area. This plan must include details of:

the desired outcomes/objectives of implementing the plan;
details of the Bobadeen Offset area, clearly define the location and boundaries of Bobadeen Offset area, through maps and / or textual descriptions as well as an accompanying shapefile;
details of the Bobadeen East offset area, clearly define the location and boundaries of the Bobadeen East Offset area, through maps and / or textual descriptions as well as an accompanying shapefile;
management actions that are proposed to protect offset areas and to enhance the extent and condition of the White Box - Yellow Box - Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodlands and Derived Native Grasslands ecological community and habitat values including weed control, fire management, erosion and sediment control, exclusion of livestock and restrictions on access;
measures for the long-term protection of the established White Box - Yellow Box - Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodlands and Derived Native Grasslands ecological community and habitat for the Swift Parrot, Regent Honeyeater and Large - eared Pied Bat;
measures to monitor subsidence and any proposed remediation works should subsidence occur;
the timing responsibilities and performance criteria for such actions;
the development and implementation of a monitoring program;
a process to report to the Department the offset area management actions undertaken and the outcome of those actions, identifying any need for improved management. For the five years after the commencement of operations, reports are to be submitted annually onor before the anniversary of the commencement of operations. Subsequently reports are to be submitted every fifth year on or before the anniversary of the commencement of operations;
a description of the potential risks to successful management and rehabilitation in the offset areas, and a description of the contingency measures that would be implemented to mitigate these risks; and
details of parties responsible for monitoring, reviewing and implementing the plan.

The approved Offset Management Plan must be implemented. Any changes to the Offset Management Plan must be approved by the Minister and approved variations to the Plan must be implemented. This plan may be made publicly available on the internet by the Department.30/11/2010There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

