

Upgrade and realignment of a 5km long section of the Western Highway











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending044. To compensate for the loss of critically endangered Natural Temperate Grassland of the Victorian Volcanic Plain from the site of the approved action (Figures 1 and 1a), a minimum of 13ha of Natural Temperate Grassland of the Victorian Volcanic Plain, of equal or higher quality, must be protected in perpetuity (the area protected may include areas protected under condition 5a). Details of the offset must be provided to, and approved by, the Minister, within 12 months of this approval.19/08/2010055. To compensate for the loss of habitat for the critically endangered Golden Sun Moth from the site of the approved action (Figures 1a and 2), a suitable offset package must be provided. The offset package must include:

the protection in perpetuity of a minimum of 31ha of known habitat of equal or higher quality (the area protected may include areas protected under condition 4); and
the undertaking of research in accordance with the priorities identified by the Department. This may include undertaking surveys to increase the knowledge of the distribution of the species.

Details of the offset package must be provided to, and approved by, the Minister, within 12 months of the date of this approval.19/08/2010066. Areas protected under conditions 4 and 5 must be managed in accordance with an Offset Management Plan (or plans). The Offset Management Plan must be endorsed by the owner of the area protected and provided to, and approved by, the Minister, on or before 01 December 2011. The approved Offset Management Plan must be implemented for a period of at least 10 years from its approval. The Offset Management Plan must provide for the conservation and enhancement of the Natural Temperate Grassland of the Victorian Volcanic Plain and Golden Sun Moth populations and habitat on the protected land, and:

include specific measures to:

control weed species and pest animals;
control access to the protected land;
manage impacts of fire and grazing (acknowledging that such impacts may be positive or negative depending on circumstances);
monitor the status and condition of the Natural Temperate Grassland of the Victorian Volcanic Plain and Golden Sun Moth population and habitat; and
report the results of monitoring and management activities to the Department;


include measures to ensure that actions taken to conserve and enhance the Natural Temperate Grassland of the Victorian Volcanic Plain and Golden Sun Moth population and habitat have no detrimental impact on the populations or habitat of other listed threatened species and communities that are identified as occurring on the protected land; and
include corrective actions and contingency measures to be implemented where monitoring under the Offset Management Plan indicates a degradation of the Natural Temperate Grassland of the Victorian Volcanic Plain or Golden Sun Moth population or habitat.29/06/2011077. The person taking the action must:

enter into an agreement on or before 01 December 2011 with the owner of the areas protected under conditions 4 and 5 to secure the areas in perpetuity under section 173 of the Victorian Planning and Environment Act 1987. The Department must be provided with a copy of the agreement within 2 weeks of its signature by all parties; and
ensure that on or before 01 December 2011, the agreement described in condition 7a. is executed and is registered on the relevant title documents. The Department must be provided with a copy of the signed agreement within 4 months of its signature by all parties.29/06/2011There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

