

Recreation Fields and Ancillary Sporting Facilities for Emmaus College











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending022.

The person taking the action must register a conservation covenant on the title of the conservation area prior to the commencement of the action.
Before taking action to register the conservation covenant on title, the person taking the action must provide a copy of the proposed conservation covenant to the Minister for the Minister's prior written approval.
The conservation covenant must:

provide for the protection of the conservation area in perpetuity;
prevent any future development activities; and
ensure the active management of STTF, including management of woody and herbaceous weeds.


For the avoidance of any doubt, works must not commence until the Minister has notified the person taking the action in writing that the Minister is satisfied with the proposed conservation covenant and with the measures that will be taken to protect and manage the areas identified in perpetuity.
Prior to the commencement of the action, the person taking the action must provide written evidence to the Minister's satisfaction that the approved conservation covenant has been registered on the title of the conservation area (the land identified at Annexure 1).30/08/2010044.

Prior to the commencement of the action the person taking the action must:

develop and submit for approval by the Minister, a monitoring program that will measure the condition of STTF within the conservation area. The program methodology must include:

identification and measurement of the distribution, abundance and age structure of native and non-native flora species within the conservation area;
the parameters outlined in condition 4.a.i. must be measured at least once every twelve (12) months, for the first ten (10) years following the commencement of the action. The frequency of measurements may be reduced after the first ten (10) years; and
include trigger levels that will prompt corrective action, including an outline of corrective measures that will be implemented when those trigger levels are exceeded.


submit a report on the current condition, including measurements detailed in condition 4.a.i, of STTF within the conservation area. The Minister must approve the report before the commencement of the action.


Within twelve (12) months starting from the commencement of the action and on the same date every subsequent year, for ten (10) years, a report must be submitted to the Minister. The report must detail the results of the monitoring program in accordance with the requirements of condition 4.a.30/08/2010055.

Within the conservation area, the person taking the action must:

within five (5) years of the commencement of the action, revegetate at least 3 hectares with local provenance stock representing all structural layers and species comprising the local character of STTF;
maintain revegetated areas for a minimum of ten (10) years, with a minimum success rate of 80 survival of specimens in the areas revegetated (as measured five (5) and ten (10) years after the commencement of the action);
plan and implement a ten (10) year weed management program that achieves, at a minimum, no woody weeds and less than 10 cover of herbaceous weeds (as measured 5 and 10 years after the commencement of the action); and
ensure the method for collecting plant material (seed or cuttings) for utilisation in the revegetation program does not reduce the long-term viability of the source plants.


The requirements set out in sub-conditions of 5.a. must begin on or before the commencement of the action.
Within ten (10) years of the commencement of the action, the conservation area must meet the EPBC Act description of STTF in "good condition", which must then be maintained in perpetuity.
Within twelve (12) months starting from the commencement of the action and on the same date every subsequent year, for a minimum of ten (10) years, a report must be submitted to the Minister which details the activities undertaken and outcomes achieved, in accordance with these conditions of approval.30/08/2010There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

