

Carmichael Coal Mine and Rail Project











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending1010. Offsets for authorised unavoidable impacts (defined in Table 1), and water resource impacts must be managed in accordance with the BOS and the GAB Offset Strategy.14/10/20151111. The BOS must be consistent with the Galilee Basin Offset Strategy, where relevant, relevant recovery plans, threat abatement plans, conservation advices and MNESMP (see Condition 6), including the Black Throated Finch Management Plan (Appendix 1, Section 1, Schedule I, condition I6 of the Coordinator-General’s Assessment Report). The BOS must include the following (except for the matters at 11k) and 11l), which apply to the Great Artesian Basin (GAB) Offset Strategy):

location of species and communities habitat offset areas including maps in electronic Geographic Information System (GIS) format
details of how offset sites have been or will be legally secured within required timeframes to ensure their long-term protection
a monitoring program for the offset site/s suitable to measure the success of the management measures against stated performance criteria including monitoring locations, parameters and timing
a description of the potential risks to the successful implementation of the BOS, and details of contingency measures that will be implemented to mitigate these risks
details of how the BOS will be updated to incorporate outcomes from research undertaken for Matters of National Environmental Significance under this and any state approvals, including updating of goals, criteria and triggers (as outlined at Conditions 3c), 3d), 6e) and 6f)). This must include outcomes of baseline research required by the Queensland Coordinator-General to identify whether the Mellaluka Springs Complex provides high value habitat for the black throated finch (Appendix 1, Section 3, Condition 1 of the Coordinator-General’s Assessment Report)
an outline of how compliance will be reported
provisions to ensure that suitably qualified and experienced persons are responsible for undertaking monitoring, review, and implementation of the BOS
detailed processes for any residual impacts on Matters of National Environmental Significance, (see Condition 6f)) to be offset in accordance with the EPBC Act Offsets Policy including a process for offset requirement to be developed in consultation with the Department and relevant Queensland Government agencies
a detailed process for any significant residual impact on any EPBC listed threatened species or ecological community not identified in Table 1 to be offset in accordance with the EPBC Act Offsets Policy (refer Condition 6l))
in the event that the future baseline research required by the Queensland Coordinator-General (Appendix 1, Section 3, Condition 1 of the Coordinator-General’s Assessment Report) identifies that the Mellaluka Springs Complex provides high value habitat for the black throated finch, the approval holder must:

revise black throated finch offset requirement in the BOS in accordance with the EPBC Act Offsets Policy and submit the revised BOS to the Minister for approval
management of any additional black throated finch offsets in accordance with Conditions 13 and 14 must commence prior to hydrological impacts on the Mellaluka Springs Complex, with sites being legally secured within two years of that time.Requirements for GAB Offsets Strategy


implementation of an annual GAB offset measure, of returning at least 730 megalitres per annum to the GAB for a minimum five year period from commencement of excavation of the first box cut, to offset the predicted annual water take associated with the action. This offset measure is to achieve a measurable outcome in accordance with one or more of the following principles:

reduce current extraction rates from the GAB to increase hydraulic pressure
increase pressure in the GAB
protect and rehabilitate the GAB springs
other measures consistent with government policies and strategies to protect and manage the GAB.


the offset measure described in Condition 11k) is to be developed and delivered in consultation with the Queensland Government department administering the authorisation of the water takeRequirements for offsets for potential subsidence, groundwater and water resource impacts
details of how staged subsidence, groundwater and water resource impacts in the Project Area will be addressed in the BOS, including:

description and map of the proposed stages of underground mining. The approval holder must advise the Minister of any changes to these staging details. Underground mining Stage 1 must be consistent with the corresponding definition in these conditions
description of how actual subsidence, groundwater and water resource impacts for all completed stages (as defined through Condition 11m)(i)) will be assessed at each stage
description of the extent, magnitude and timing of actual subsidence impacts observed in completed stages (as defined through Condition 11m)(i))
description of how actual subsidence and groundwater impacts from completed stages (as defined through Condition 11m)(i)) will be used to revise and update predicted impact areas for future stages
table of predicted impact areas for each EPBC Act listed threatened species and community in Table 1 within the underground mining area (consistent with Condition 6c)) that allows comparison of actual impact areas with initial impact area predictions and updated impact area predictions. If additional impacted areas are identified as a result of the predictions, additional offsets must be implemented in line with Condition 11h)
written commitments from the approval holder that the balance of offset requirement at each stage (as defined through Condition 11m)(i)) will be implemented prior to commencement of that stage.


rationale for the balance of offset required for underground mining impacts to be updated at each underground mining stage (as defined through Condition 11m)(i)) that includes detailed comparison of the ecological status of EPBC Act listed threatened species and communities within the subsidence impact area between baseline conditions and the end of the most recent underground mining stage
details of how groundwater and water resource impacts on the Matters of National Environmental Significance will be addressed in the BOS including identification of additional potential offsets (see Condition 6f)) for the Carmichael River and Doongmabulla Springs Complex, to be developed in consultation with the Department and relevant Queensland Government agencies
detail of how the BOS will be revised and provided to the Minister for approval prior to commencement of each underground mining stage (as defined through Condition 11m)(i)) including timeframes for revision that allow three months for review and approval of the plan.26/09/20191212. Mining operations must not commence until the BOS and the GAB Offset Strategy is approved by the Minister in writing. The approved BOS and the GAB Offset Strategy must be implemented.
Note: A Biodiversity Offset Strategy is also required under the State Government approval for the project. A combined document should be prepared to address both State Government and EPBC Act approval conditions where possible.14/10/20151414.	Once approved, offset area management plans must be implemented.14/10/2015There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

