

Airport & Freight Access Gateway











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending02Environment Offset Strategy
2) The person taking the action must prepare and submit for approval an Environment Offset Strategy (EOS) to the Minister to fund and implement an environmental offset for the better protection of listed threatened species and wetlands. The EOS must be submitted for approval by the Minister at least one (1) month prior to the commencement of construction. The EOS must provide for the enhancement and protection of native vegetation, including wetland and swamp vegetation types, and individuals and habitat of listed threatened species. The EOS must include, but not be limited to:

provision of compensatory habitat for impacts to Black Cockatoos, wetlands and the Infrastructure Only Conservation Zone including a commitment to securing the Lowlands offset as a Class A Reserve within 24 months from the commencement of construction; and
a commitment to compensate for impacts to the Wavy-leaved Smokebush including establishment of a viable population of at least 120 individuals in accordance with the measures listed in Conditions 4) b) i) to vii).

Construction must not commence until the EOS has been approved by the Minister. The EOS must be implemented as approved.3/06/2013033) Evidence that the Lowlands offset has been acquired (subject to Condition 5) must be submitted to the department within five(5) months of the commencement of construction.8/10/2013044) If the Lowlands offset is not secured as a Class A Reserve within 24 months from the commencement of construction, as per Condition 2) a), and at this time the person taking the action cannot provide to the Minister's satisfaction documentary evidence to demonstrate that all reasonable measures have been undertaken to secure the Lowlands offset as a Class A Reserve within the timeframe, then all construction must cease. Construction may resume at such time as:

the person taking the action is able to satisfy the Minister that the Lowlands offset is secured as a Class A Reserve; or
the person taking the action is able to provide documentary evidence to demonstrate to the Minister's satisfaction that all reasonable measures have been undertaken to secure the Lowlands offset as a Class A Reserve; and
additional compensation to the Minister's satisfaction has been provided that accounts for the additional risk of loss of the Lowlands offset not being a Class A Reserve.3/06/2013055) If the Lowlands offset cannot be acquired, within five (5) months of the commencement of construction, then construction must cease and an alternative environmental offset strategy (AEOS) for the protection of listed threatened species and wetlands must be provided to the Minister. The AEOS must:

provide a strategy to effectively secure a suitable direct offset within 100 km of the project site;
contain direct, and if necessary, other compensatory measures that are consistent with the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 (EPBC Act) Environmental Offset Policy (October 2012) and Offsets Assessment Guide to ensure that for the duration that the impact occurs on the project site, the AEOS contains:

measures to maintain or improve ecological values to manage threats to the ecological values, including management of fire and measures to exclude people, pests, weeds and dieback;
measures to rehabilitate degraded habitat condition to a level consistent with the quality projected in the application of the EPBC Act Environmental Offset Policy (October, 2012) and the associated Offsets Assessment Guide;
maps of the proposed offset site showing vegetation quality, areas being rehabilitated (including their current and proposed quality) and dieback free zones;
performance indicators for rehabilitation;
details of monitoring and reporting to the department and contingency measures if performance indicators are not met;
timeframes for the implementation and completion of the above measures; and
roles and responsibilities of personnel associated with implementing each of the above measures and funding arrangements.



Construction must not re-commence until the AEOS has been approved by the Minister and the identified direct offset has been acquired or legally secured to the satisfaction of the Minister. The AEOS must be implemented as approved.8/10/2013There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

