

Weaber Plain Project











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions











Offset Name








Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending1414. Offset Management Plan 
In order to offset the potential impacts on listed threatened species, including the endangered Gouldian Finch (Erythrura gouldiae), the endangered Northern Quoll (Dasyurus hallucatus), the vulnerable Red Goshawk (Erythrotiorchis radiates), the vulnerable Crested Shrike-tit (Falcunculus frontatus whitei), the critically endangered Speartooth Shark (Glyphis glyphis), the endangered Northern River Shark (Glyphis garricki), the vulnerable Freshwater Sawfish (Pristis Microdon) and the vulnerable Dwarf Sawfish (Pristis clavata), the person taking the action must prepare an Offset Management Plan (OMP) in consultation with the WA DEC. The OMP must be submitted for approval by the Minister. The OMP must be submitted to the Department for approval by the Minister no later than 12 months after the date of this approval decision.
The OMP must include, but should not be limited to:

Details of the direct offsets proposed in the draft Environmental Impact Statement and how these will deliver long-term conservation benefits for relevant terrestrial listed threatened species that would not otherwise be achieved. This must include:

Mapping of the native vegetation habitat suitable for listed threatened species;
Details of the area and characteristics of suitable habitat for listed threatened species;
Details of whether the offset site provides the same landscape function and habitat type for the listed species as the habitat cleared or impacted by the proposal;
Details of whether the offset site delivers a real conservation outcome that would not have otherwise been achieved (i.e. whether it was to be protected regardless of the action);
Steps that will be taken to ensure that any direct offset site will be protected in perpetuity for conservation purposes and details of evidence that will be provided to the Department that conservation covenants have been entered into;
Provision of ongoing management of the offset site, including details of funding mechanisms.


Details ofalternative direct or indirect offsets if the proposed offsets do not satisfy the requirements listed in Condition 14.A;
Funding of research activities, agreed by the Department, to an amount of no less than 150,000 per year for 10 years, for the management, monitoring and/or improved protection of the critically endangered Speartooth Shark (Glyphis glyphis), the endangered Northern River Shark (Glyphis garricki), the vulnerable Freshwater Sawfish (Pristis Microdon) and the vulnerable Dwarf Sawfish (Pristis clavata). The proposed research activities must be developed in consultation with the Sawfish and Glyphis Recovery Team. Payments must be made to a trust fund agreed to by the Department. Research activities must be approved and the first yearly payment must be provided within 18 months of the date of this approval decision.

The approved Offset Management Plan must be implemented.13/09/2011There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

