

Middlemount Coal Project Stage 2











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions











Offset Name








Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending01Offsets
Offset management plan
1. To offset the impacts to EPBC listed threatened species and ecological communities, the person taking the action must submit to the Minister for approval an Offset Management Plan within 12 months of the date of this approval. Operations within Area B cannot commence unless the Offset Management Plan has been approved by the Minister.
The Offset Management Plan must include, but not be limited to the following:

details of management actions to protect and enhance the extent and condition of the threatened species habitat values including rehabilitation, weed control, fire management, erosion and sediment control, management of livestock and restrictions to access of no less than:

1670 ha of Ornamental Snake (Denisonia maculata) habitat;
3280 ha of Squatter Pigeon (Geophaps scripta scripta); and
150 ha of Brigalow ecological community


the desired outcomes/objectives of implementing the plan;
the timing, responsibilities and performance criteria for such actions;
a monitoring plan including ecological surveys that must be undertaken to assess the success of the management measures against identified milestones and objectives;
a clear definition of the location and boundaries of the offset area, through maps and/or textual descriptions as well as accompanying shapefiles;
a process to report to the Department the management actions undertaken in the offset areas and the outcome of those actions, including identifying any need for improved management;
a description of the potential risks to successful management and rehabilitation in the offset areas, and a description of the contingency measures that would be implemented to mitigate these risks;
details of parties responsible for monitoring, reviewing and implementing the plan; and
what would be the contingency strategy in the event that a third party impacts upon the offset site.

The approved Offset Management Plan must be implemented.7/09/201201A1A.  To compensate for and replace the 32 ha reduction of the offset provided in satisfaction of condition 1 and secured in 2015, (the reduction arising from the approved proposed Western Expansion of the mine, EPBC referral 2017/8130), the approval holder must secure the following:

22.5 ha of Ornamental Snake (Denisonia maculata) habitat;
38 ha of Squatter Pigeon (Geophaps scripta scripta); and
18.5 ha of Brigalow ecological community11/10/201901B1B. The person taking the action must submit to the Minister for written approval a revised Offset Management Plan by 20 December 2019.
The revised Offset Management Plan must include, but not be limited to, the following:

details of management actions to protect and enhance the extent and condition of the threatened species habitat values including rehabilitation, weed control, fire management, erosion and sediment control, management of livestock and restrictions to access of no less than:

1692.5 ha of Ornamental Snake (Denisonia maculata) habitat;
3318 ha of Squatter Pigeon (Geophaps scripta scripta); an
168.5 ha of Brigalow ecological community

the desired outcomes/objectives of implementing the plan;
the timing, responsibilities and performance criteria for such actions;
a monitoring plan, including ecological surveys, that must be undertaken to assess the success of the management measures against identified milestones and objectives;
a clear definition of the location and boundaries of the offset area, through maps and/or textual descriptions as well as accompanying shapefiles;
a process to report to the Department the management actions undertaken in the offset areas and the outcome of those actions, including identifying any need for improved management;
a description of the potential risks to successful management and rehabilitation in the offset areas, and a description of the contingency measures that would be implemented to mitigate these risks;
details of parties responsible for monitoring, reviewing and implementing the plan; and
a contingency strategy in the event that a third party impacts upon the offset site.

The approved Offset Management Plan must be implemented.
Note: The approval holder must implement the approved Offset Management Plan specified in Condition 1 until the Minister has approved the revised Offset Management Plan specified in condition 1B11/10/201902Mechanism to secure offsets
2. To offset the impacts to EPBC listed threatened species and ecological communities, the person taking the action must register a legally binding conservation mechanism over a minimum of 1670 ha of Ornamental Snake (Denisonia maculata) habitat, 3280 ha of Squatter Pigeon (Geophaps scripta scripta) and 150 ha of Brigalow ecological community (the offset area) as identified in the offset management plan referred to in condition 1. The mechanism/s must provide enduring protection for the offset area and be registered within 12 months of the date of this approval.
The conditions of the conservation mechanism must ensure that management actions are undertaken for the protection and enhancement of the EPBC listed threatened species and ecological communities. The person taking the action must obtain agreement from any third parties responsible for management actions and provide details of the responsible parties, including their position or status as a separate contractor, to the Department.7/09/201202A2A. To offset the impacts to EPBC listed threatened species and ecological communities, including arising from the 32 ha reduction of the offset provided in satisfaction of condition 1, and to ensure the enduring protection of the balance of the offset area secured in accordance with condition 2, the person taking the action must register a legally binding conservation mechanism over a minimum of 1692.5 ha of Ornamental Snake (Denisonia maculata) habitat, 3318 ha of Squatter Pigeon (Geophaps scripta scripta) and 168.5 ha of Brigalow ecological community (the offset) as identified in the offset management plans referred to in conditions 1 and 1A. The mechanism must provide enduring protection for the offset and be registered by 28 June 2020.
The conditions of the conservation mechanism must ensure that management actions are undertaken for the protection and enhancement of the EPBC listed threatened species and ecological communities. The person taking the action must obtain agreement from any third parties responsible for management actions and provide details of the responsible parties, including their position or status as a separate contractor, to the Department.
Note: The offset area required under condition 2 will be replaced by the offset provided in accordance with condition 2A.11/10/2019There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

