

Ravensworth Operations Project











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending099. To compensate for the loss of habitat for the Regent Honeyeater and Swift Parrot the person taking the action must provide $900,000 over five years (from the year of approval of the Project Plan) to fund activities that are consistent with the recovery actions identified in the National Recovery Plans for the Regent Honeyeater and Swift Parrot. A detailed Project Plan governing the provision of funding for the activities and outcomes must be developed. The Project Plan must be provided to the Minister for approval, within 6 months of the commencement of operations.
The Project Plan must include, at a minimum, the following information:

details of governance arrangements for an independent Trust or similar organisation to oversee the implementation of the funded activities, including:

roles and responsibilities of individuals or organisations involved with implementation of the Project Plan
 identification of individuals responsible for the management and protection of the Regent Honeyeater and Swift Parrot
measures to account for recovery actions identified as priorities by the Regent Honeyeater and Swift Parrot recovery teams
consultation with organisations aiming to facilitate the conservation of the Regent Honeyeater and Swift Parrot


 the specific activities that will be funded and the aims and objectives of the activities;
the timing of commencement and duration of activities;
the mechanisms to monitor and assess the effectiveness of the activities undertaken;
the mechanisms to demonstrate the benefit to the Regent Honeyeater and Swift Parrot
the mechanisms to ensure that new or different activities will be funded, from within the agreed funding package of $900,000 over five years, on the basis of monitoring information, advances in knowledge of species ecology, or the changing priorities as identified by recovery teams;
the mechanisms to ensure that knowledge and information gained from these activities is easily available and useful to the Department,to the general public and the scientific community;
measures to ensure that funds are spent in accordance with the uses specified in these conditions of approval;
mechanism for proof of payment to agreed parties to undertake agreed activities; and
measures to incorporate and integrate with any relevant separately funded activities (if any) for the conservation of the Regent Honeyeater and Swift Parrot and associated habitat for EPBC-listed species and communities at the landscape level, consistent with priorities identified by recovery teams for the relevant species or communities.

The approved Project Plan must be implemented.
On or before the 3rd anniversary of approval of the Project Plan and at the completion of the Project Plan, or a date otherwise agreed by the Department in writing, the person taking the action must submit a report to the Department on the implementation of the Project Plan. The report must describe the actions taken and financial payments made over the preceding reporting period to implement the objectives of the Project Plan relating to the relevant matters of national environmental significance.3/07/20141010. If, at any time during the duration of the Project Plan, the Minister is not satisfied that the Project Plan is achieving its objectives relevant to matters of national environmental significance, the Minister may require a modification to the Project Plan including the reallocation of funds from within the agreed $900,000.8/04/2011There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

