

Mount Pleasant Project











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending1616. To compensate for the loss of habitat for the regent honeyeater and swift parrot the person taking the action must provide $2,000,000 over the life of the project to deliver activities that implement the priority recovery actions identified in the National Recovery Plans for the regent honeyeater and swift parrot. A detailed Woodland Birds Project Plan governing the provision and timing of the $2,000,000 funding for the activities and outcomes must be developed. The Woodland Birds Project Plan must be provided to the Minister for approval, within 18 months, of the commencement of construction, or otherwise agreed in writing by the Minister.29/02/20121717. The approved Weed and Woodland Birds Project Plan must be implemented.29/02/201218Project plans for listed species and ecological communities
18. The Weed and Woodland Birds Project Plans must include, at a minimum, the following information:

details of governance arrangements for an independent Trust, which may include representatives of Coal and Allied or similar organisation to oversee the implementation of the funded activities, including:

roles and responsibilities of individuals or organisations involved with implementation of the Project Plan
measures to account for recovery actions identified as priorities by the White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland Ecological Community, regent honeyeater and swift parrot recovery teams
consultation with organisations aiming to facilitate the conservation of the White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland Ecological Community, regent honeyeater and swift parrot.


the specific activities that will be funded and the aims and objectives of the activities
the timing of commencement and duration of activities;
the mechanisms to monitor and assess the effectiveness of the activities undertaken
the mechanisms to demonstrate the benefit to the White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland Ecological Community, regent honeyeater and swift parrot
the mechanisms to ensure that new or different activities will be funded, from within the agreed funding package of $1,000,000 over the life of the project for White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland Ecological Community and $2,000,000 over the life of the project for regent honeyeater and swift parrot, on the basis of monitoring information, advances in knowledge of species ecology, or the changing priorities as identified by recovery teams
the mechanisms to ensure that knowledge and information gained from these activities is easily available and useable to the department, to the general public and the scientific community, including website details
measures toensure that funds are spent in accordance with the uses specified in these conditions of approval
a mechanism for proof of payment to agreed parties to undertake agreed activities
measures to incorporate and integrate with any relevant separately funded activities (if any) for the conservation of the White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland Ecological Community, regent honeyeater and swift parrot and associated habitat for EPBC-listed species and communities at the landscape level, consistent with priorities identified by recovery teams for the relevant species or communities.29/02/2012There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

