

Campbell Station 5 Development











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending011. To compensate for residual impacts from the action to the golden sun moth and natural temperate grassland, the person taking the action must develop an Offset Management Plan (OMP) to conserve, manage and improve habitat within the Yarralumla Equestrian Park offset area. The OMP must include:

map(s) and shapefiles that clearly defines the location and boundaries of the Yarralumla Equestrian Park offset area including offset attributes;
details of the quality of habitat on site (supported by maps), including the results of baseline surveys undertaken by a suitably qualified expert at an optimal ecological time to demonstrate the extent of golden sun moth habitat and natural temperate grassland habitat within the Yarralumla Equestrian Park offset area;
measures to manage and improve no less than 4.6 hectares (ha) of habitat within the Yarralumla Equestrian Park offset area for the better protection of the golden sun moth and natural temperate grassland including, details of: the duration, timing, level of effort, methodology, and the person(s) responsible for undertaking the management actions. Management actions must include (but need not be limited to):

mowing and biomass control;
weed management;
waste management (including both general rubbish and waste associated with the operation of surrounding areas as an equestrian park, for example horse manure); and
measures to avoid or minimise the risk of soil compaction. For the avoidance of doubt the Yarralumla Equestrian Park offset area must include no less than 4.6 ha of habitat suitable for the golden sun moth and no less than 0.5 ha of natural temperate grasslands.


a commitment that management actions will continue to be implemented until such time that monitoring indicates the Yarralumla Equestrian Park offset area has become self-sufficient for the values which it is intended to protect;
measures that prevent the Yarralumla Equestrian Park offset area from being subject to uses that are incompatible with the conservation of the area as habitat for the golden sun moth and natural temperate grassland (including the provision of signage which provides information on the Yarralumla Equestrian Park offset area and why it is being managed);
details of an appropriate monitoring program to be undertaken by a suitably qualified expert, including aims, methodology reporting, and benchmarks for success, to determine whether the golden sun moth and natural temperate grassland values at the Yarralumla Equestrian Park offset area are improved. The monitoring must address (but need not be limited to):

numbers of golden sun moth; and
extent and quality of habitat for both the golden sun moth and natural temperate grassland.


a commitment that monitoring will continue to be undertaken until such time as the person taking the action can provide demonstrable evidence that the offset area has become self-sufficient;
provisions for making the results of any monitoring programs available on the person taking the actions website, within 12 months of implementation, and then annually until the Minister agrees in writing that monitoring can cease;
details of contingency measures should the monitoring required by condition 1) f) determine that the golden sun moth and natural temperate grassland values have either degraded, or not improved at the Yarralumla Equestrian offset area; 
details of administration and funding arrangements with the relevant parties who will be responsible for managing the Yarralumla Equestrian offset area; and
a schedule of anticipated costs associated with the management of the Yarralumla Equestrian Park offset area.

The OMP must be submitted to the Minister for approval at least three months prior to the sale of any individual blocks or within 12 months of the date of this approval, whichever is sooner. The OMP must be implemented from the date of its approval.13/05/2013022. Until such time as the OMP is approved, the person taking the action must undertake interim measures for managing the Yarralumla Equestrian offset area for the better protection of the golden sun moth, including (but not necessarily limited to): mowing and biomass control, weed management, removal of waste and litter, and measures to avoid/minimise the risk of soil compaction. Within 90 days of this notice, an outline of the interim management actions to be undertaken (including timing, duration and level of effort) must be endorsed by a suitably qualified expert and submitted to the Minister.13/05/2013There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

