

Wallarah 2 Coal Project











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending1212. The approval holder must prepare for the Minister’s approval a Jilliby Jilliby Catchment Management Plan for that part of Jilliby Jilliby Catchment likely to be impacted by the action. The Jilliby Jilliby Catchment Management Plan must:

demonstrate the presence or absence of the following species in the Jilliby Jilliby Catchment area:

Australian Grayling (Prototroctes maraena);
Giant Barred Frog (Mixophyes iteratus);
Giant Burrowing Frog (Heleioporus australiacus);
Green and Golden Bell Frog (Litoria aurea);
Green-thighed Frog (Litoria brevipalmata);
Littlejohn’s Tree Frog (Litoria littlejohni);
Macquarie Perch (Macquaria australasica);
Stuttering Frog (Mixophyes balbus);
Wallum Froglet (Crinia tinnula);


include an analysis of the water needs of the species specified above that are present within the Jilliby Jilliby Catchment area. The results of the analysis must determine:

the environmental water requirements at each life stage for the species;
the availability and extent of water resources for each species within the Jilliby Jilliby Catchment area; and
thresholds specific to each species and its water needs;


include an annual monitoring program for the life of the action that is designed to detect if the action’s impacts to water resources are greater than the threshold values established pursuant to the investigations required by EPBC Act condition 12(b)iii;
establish aquatic ecological sampling locations in the maximum predicted subsidence areas for Jilliby Jilliby Creek and Little Jilliby Jilliby Creek.
describe the measures that will be taken to adaptively manage the impacts of the action on water resources, such as mitigation, management measures and corrective actions, and require the implementation of those measures where monitoring indicates an exceedance of the threshold values is likely;
provide justification as to how the adaptive management measures will protect water resources;
include a mechanism for reporting any exceedance of thresholds to the Department;
include possible remediation measures that may be required if exceedances occur and the capacity to implement those measures;
include a process for five yearly reviews of the Jilliby Jilliby Catchment Management Plan; and
include a process for the approval holder to establish suitable offsets for the Minister’s approval, in the event that there are residual significant impacts to the species listed at EPBC Act condition 12(a) which cannot be avoided or mitigated. The proposed offsets must be implemented once approved by the Minister.

The data derived from this condition must be also used to support State development consent conditions 20 and 23 of Schedule 4.
The approval holder must not commence longwall mining beneath the Jilliby Jilliby Catchment before the Jilliby Jilliby Catchment Management Plan is approved by the Minister. The approved Jilliby Jilliby Catchment Management Plan must be implemented.18/01/2019There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

