

Pacific Highway Upgrade, Warrel Creek to Nambucca Heads, NSW











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending044. To mitigate impacts to threatened species, the approval holder must submit the Flora and Fauna Management Sub Plan and Construction Environment Management Plan to the Department for approval prior to commencement. The Plans must include the additional mitigation measures not included in the management plans and as described in the Biodiversity Offset Strategy. The approved plans must be implemented.11/12/201412Offsets
Biodiversity Offset Package
12. To compensate for the loss of threatened species habitat, within 12 months of the approval of the action, the approval holder must submit to the Minister for approval a Biodiversity Offset Package. The Package must:

provide known habitat and compensate for the residual significant impacts on the threatened species and their habitat in Condition 1a) to e);
demonstrate consistency with and meets the requirements of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy;
detail the offset attributes (including maps in electronic Geographic Information System (GIS) format with accompanying shapefiles), site descriptions, environmental values relevant to threatened species being offset, connectivity with other habitat and biodiversity corridors;
include detailed surveys and quantitative and qualitative descriptions of any proposed offset areas which clearly identify baseline conditions. This must include:

a baseline description (prior to any management activities) of the current quality of the habitat for each relevant threatened species in each offset area, including the location of survey points (GPS reference);
the quantity (in hectares) of suitable habitat present within the offsets areas for the threatened species the quality of the habitat for the relevant threatened species found within the offset areas;
vegetation condition mapping; and
photo reference points.


be prepared by a suitably qualified ecologist;
include conservation and management measures for long-term protection and adaptive management of the offsets to improve habitat for threatened species within the offset areas from baseline conditions, including but not limited to:

a map showing offset areas to be managed;
conservation management actions for each offset area and the details of methods to be used;
offset management must be consistent with threat abatement plans for threatened species;
the timing of management activity for each offset area and anticipated timeframes for achieving performance objectives;
clear performance measures and performance indicators for each offset area including contingency actions, criteria for triggering contingency actions and a commitment to the implementation of these actions in the event that performance objectives are not met that will enable maintenance and enhancement of habitat within the offset area, as well as contribute to the better protection of individuals and/or populations of threatened species and their habitat;
a monitoring program to assess the effectiveness of the management actions measured against the baseline condition. This must include, but not be limited to, control sites and periodic ecological surveys to be undertaken by a suitably qualified ecologist;
a risk assessment and a description of the contingency measures that would be implemented to mitigate these risks;
details of the various parties responsible for the management, monitoring and implementing the management activities, including their experience and qualifications and employment or engagement status; and
details of qualifications and experience of persons responsible for undertaking monitoring, review, and implementation of the Biodiversity Offset Package, including the role of the independent expert in preparing, reviewing, and implementing the Biodiversity Offset Package; and
a description of protection and funding arrangements or agreements including work programs and responsible entities.11/12/20141313. The approval holder must implement the approved Biodiversity Offset Package within 24 months of the date of this approval.11/12/20141414. If an offset site proposed as a part of the Offset Package is already required to be protected as a result of a separate EPBC Act approval, only the management actions which can be demonstrated to be additional to those required for the separate approval, can be considered as an offset for this project. The legal protection of the site and management action required for separate approvals cannot be considered a part of the offsets, in accordance with the Environmental Offsets Policy.11/12/20141515. The approval holder must, within 36 months of the approval of the Biodiversity Offset Package, register a legally binding conservation mechanism to provide long-term protection to the offsets approved by the Minister in the Biodiversity Offset Package, which prohibits any activities that are not conservation activities from being undertaken in the offsets.25/09/201816.If, within 6 years after impacts to Grey-headed Flying-fox habitat, the results of the monitoring required in the Grey-headed Flying-fox Management Plan show that the Macksville Grey-headed Flying-fox Camp is abandoned by the Grey-headed Flying-fox between September and May for two consecutive years, the approval holder must then offset within 48 months the entire 23.50 ha roosting habitat critical to survival, rather than 3.10 ha required by Condition 1, by a means approved by the Minister.

Note: The provision of the additional offset, if required, would be additional to the requirements of Conditions 12-15.21/08/2019There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

