

Knox Creek Plain, Irrigation Development, WA











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending1111. Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat Management
To protect the critically endangered Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat (Saccolaimus saccolaimus nudicluniatus) from impacts resulting from the action, the person taking the action must:


Ensure the clearance of the Development Area does not result in the death of any Bare- rumped Sheathtail Bats;


Conduct Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat roosting tree surveys of potential Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat habitat areas in accordance with the advice of a Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat expert. Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat roosting tree surveys must identify, tag and map all potential or confirmed Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat roost trees in the potential Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat habitat areas and be completed within six months prior to clearance of potential Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat habitat areas; and


If the Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat roosting tree surveys identify potential or confirmed Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat roost trees in the potential Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat habitat areas, then submit to the Department a Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat Management Plan (BRSBMP). The BRSBMP must detail how all potential and confirmed Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat roost trees in the potential Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat habitat areas will be avoided, mitigated or offset. The BRSBMP must be submitted for approval by the Minister. The person taking the action must not commence clearance of potential Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat habitat areas until the BRSBMP is approved by the Minister. The BRSBMP must be approved by the Minister prior to implementation. The approved BRSBMP must be implemented and include commitments to:


Consider the implementation of more focussed survey methods, such as mist netting, to obtain more refined results. This may be particularly beneficial in the event that the number of potential or confirmed Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat roost trees identified during Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat roosting tree surveys is high;


Conduct all clearance of potential Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat habitat areas outside of the Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat breeding season;


Conduct a pre-clearance disturbance regime in accordance with the advice of a Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat expert;


Fell any potential or confirmed Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat roost trees that cannot be avoided, with care, in the presence of a Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat expert, and in accordance with the advice of a Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat expert, so as to avoid mortality of Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat individuals;


Translocate, with the service of a Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat expert, any Bare- rumped Sheathtail Bat that is captured following the felling of a potential or confirmed Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat roost tree;


Report site locations (both original location site and, if a Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat is captured, the translocated site) to the Department if any confirmed Bare- rumped Sheathtail Bat roost trees are found; and


Provide offsets of no less than 100,000 to a trust fund for Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat research for each confirmed Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat roost tree cleared for the proposal, to a maximum contribution of 500,000. The offset trust fund and research activities must be approved by the Minister prior to implementation; or


Not clear selected potential or confirmed Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat roost trees or any vegetation within a 30m zone around these trees.16/06/2015There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

