

Ellerton Drive Extension, East Queanbeyan, NSW











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending022. The person taking the action must:
a. compensate for the loss of matters protected at Condition 1 by ensuring that no less than:
i. 50.0 hectares of White Box Yellow Box Blakely’s Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community; and
ii. 7,877 Hoary Sunray plants
on Lot 2 DP1000529/Lot 4 DP 775029 (wholly located within the areas marked as ‘Biodiversity offset area’ at Schedule 2) are protected or established and managed under a Biobanking Agreement;
b. provide a copy of the Biobanking Agreement to the Department within 30 days following establishment of the Biobanking Agreement; and
c. register the Biobanking Agreement on the Certificate of Title at the NSW Land Titles Office and notify the Department within 30 days following completion of the registration process.10/01/2017033. The person taking the action must:
a. prepare a Biodiversity Offset Management Plan (BOMP) to compensate for the impacts of the action on the matters protected at Condition 1;
b. submit the BOMP to the Minister for approval within two months of the date of this approval;
c. not commence construction prior to approval of the BOMP by the Minister with the exception of actions consistent with Condition 3 and Condition 4 only of Section 9 of NSW OEH’s conditions of approval;
d. undertake the action in accordance with the BOMP approved by the Minister.10/01/2017044. The BOMP required under Condition 3 must:
a. be consistent with the EPBC Act Offset Policy and the Department’s Environmental Management Plan Guidelines; and
b. include:
i. objectives, completion criteria and performance targets which are time bound and capable of measurement by performance indicators;
ii. accurate maps and shapefiles identifying where specifically within Lot 2 DP1000529/Lot 4 DP 775029 the offsets for each protected matter required at Condition 2a are located;
iii. time bound performance indicators to monitor achievement of the completion criteria and performance targets;
iv. management measures that will be implemented to achieve the completion criteria, and timeframes for implementing those management measures;
v. identify and manage the risks of failure to achieve the completion criteria;
vi. trigger values for corrective actions, and require corrective actions to be implemented if trigger values are reached, and set out how environmental incidents and emergencies will be managed;
vii. auditing and review mechanisms including reporting and review mechanisms and documentation standards to demonstrate compliance with the BOMP.
c. include a monitoring program which:
i. identifies and justifies performance indicators, which are clear and concise criteria capable of accurate and reliable measurement against which the achievement of outcomes against baseline conditions may be measured; and
ii. requires monitoring of, and recording of data on, changes in these performance indicators at specified times and frequencies to detect changes in the performance indicators, to determine if outcomes are being achieved, and to inform adaptive implementation of the BOMP.10/01/201708b8b Condition 8 does not apply if the revisions to the approved management plan include changes to environmental offsets provided under the management plan in relation to a matter protected by a controlling provision for the action, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Minister. This does not otherwise limit the circumstances in which the taking of the action in accordance with a revised management plan would, or would not, be likely to have new or increased impacts.10/01/2017There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

