

Petrie Mill redevelopment project, Qld











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending033. Prior to commencement of the action, the approval holder must develop a management plan for the Koala. The management plan must:
a. describe measures to be implemented for the life of the approval to minimise Koala mortality attributable to wild dog attack and vehicle strike within the project site (including by use of fauna exclusion fencing, fauna underpasses and escape poles, and vehicle speed limits);
b. describe measures to be implemented for the life of the approval to control weeds within the project site;
c. include a monitoring program for the monitoring period capable of determining and recording:
i. the baseline population of Koalas within the project site prior to commencement of the action; and
ii. the use of the primary offset planting area and the supplementary habitat restoration area by Koalas;
d. include written evidence of input and review by a suitably qualified person; and
e. take account of the conservation advice.6/09/2017044. The management plan must be implemented. The approval holder must publish the management plan on their website prior to commencement of the action and the management plan (or any subsequent revised versions) must remain on the website for the life of the approval. The results of the management plan must be included in compliance reports provided to the Department.6/09/201705Offset outcomes 
5. To compensate for the loss of 22 hectares of critical habitat for the Koala within the project site, the approval holder must:
a. rehabilitate a minimum of 26 hectares within the primary offset planting area and meet the following offset outcomes:
i. within 10 years of commencement of the action the primary offset planting area must meet the condition criteria; and
ii. within 20 years of commencement of the action at least 24 hectares within the primary offset planting area must be koala habitat and non-juvenile koala habitat trees must be the dominant canopy species;
b. dedicate a minimum of 74 hectares for rehabilitation within the supplementary habitat restoration area (the dedicated area) and provide the Department with a georeferenced map of the dedicated area prior to commencement of the action;
c. meet the following offset outcomes for the dedicated area:
i. within 10 years of commencement of the action the dedicated area must meet the condition criteria; and
ii. within 20 years of commencement of the action the dedicated area must be koala habitat and non-juvenile koala habitat trees must be the dominant canopy species.6/09/2017066. If, at any time during the life of the approval, the approval holder identifies that any of the offset outcomes in condition 5 are unlikely to be achieved or maintained, the approval holder must report to the Department in writing within 40 business days of becoming aware. The report must state the cause of the circumstance, the corrective actions to be taken (including timeframes for reporting to the Department the success of those actions) and the measures to prevent further occurrences.6/09/2017There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

