

Industrial Development of 165-195 O’Herns Road, Epping VIC











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending022. The approval holder must submit for approval by the Minister an Offset Strategy for the loss of 20.53 ha of Golden Sun Moth habitat; 9.89 ha of Matted Flax-lily habitat; and 1.608 ha of NTGVVP. The approval holder must not commence the action until the Offset Strategy has been approved by the Minister. Once approved, the approved Offset Strategy must be implemented. The Offset Strategy must:
a. provide a written description and map that clearly defines the location and boundaries of the proposed offset area(s) for Golden Sun Moth habitat; Matted Flax-lily habitat; and NTGVVP offsets
b. detail the minimum offset areas and evidence that the offset areas are in accordance with the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy
c. include timelines and mechanisms for legally securing the offset areas and offset outcomes.25/09/2018033. The approval holder must, within 2 months of approval of the Offset Strategy specified in condition 2, submit an Offset Management Plan(s) for approval by the Minister. The approval holder must not commence the action until the Offset Management Plan(s) has been approved by the Minister. Once approved, the approved Offset Management Plan(s) must be implemented. The Offset Management Plan(s) must:
a. be prepared by a suitably qualified expert
b. be prepared in accordance with the Department’s Environmental Management Plan Guidelines, and the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy
c. provide a written description and map that clearly defines the location and boundaries of the offset area(s), consistent with the Offset Strategy approved under condition 2. This must be accompanied with the offset attributes and shapefiles
d. a survey and description of the current condition (prior to any management activities) of the offset area proposed, including existing vegetation (the baseline condition)
e. detail management actions, regeneration and/or revegetation strategies (i.e. weed, grazing and/or fire management) to be undertaken on the offset area(s) to improve and extend Golden Sun Moth habitat, Matted Flax-lily habitat and NTGVVP, including:


a description and timeframe of measures that will be implemented to improve the condition and extent of Golden Sun Moth habitat, Matted Flax-lily habitat and NTGVVP within the offset area(s)


performance and completion criteria for evaluating the management of the offset areas, and criteria for triggering remedial action


a program to monitor and report on the effectiveness of these measures, and progress against the performance and competition criteria


a description of potential risks to the successful implementation of the plan, a description of the measures that will be implemented to mitigate against these risks and a description of the contingency measures that will be implemented if defined triggers arise


details of who is responsible for monitoring, reviewing and implementing the plan.25/09/2018There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

