

Residential development of Lots 635, 739 and 740 on Deposited Plan 202751, Baldivis Road, Baldivis, WA











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending04To compensate for the residual significant impact on Black Cockatoo foraging habitat, the approval holder must, prior to commencement of the action, submit to the Department:

written evidence that a contiguous area comprising no less than 124 ha within Lot 1981 Keating Road, Moondyne, Western Australia (the ‘offset site’) has been purchased and transferred to DBCA, and written evidence that DBCA agrees to legally secure the land in perpetuity for a conservation purpose through the creation of a reserve over the offset site under the Conservation and Land Management Act 1984
a description and map clearly defining the location and boundary of the offset site, accompanied by the offset attributes and shapefiles.19/11/202108The approval holder must submit for the Minister’s approval, within 6 months of commencement of the action, an Offset Management Plan for the offset site. The purpose of the Offset Management Plan is to determine the amount of financial funding to be provided by the approval holder to DBCA to implement the offset management requirements to achieve the intended offset outcomes. The Offset Management Plan must be consistent with the Environmental Management Plan Guidelines, and must include the following:

a summary of the residual impacts to protected matters that will be compensated for by the offset. This summary must include the area(s) of habitat for protected matters and its condition and quality at all impact sites which the particular offset is to address.
the environmental objectives, relevant protected matters and a reference to the EPBC Act approval conditions to which the Offset Management Plan refers.
a table of commitments, including funding commitments for management of the offset site, made in the Offset Management Plan to achieve the environmental objectives, and a reference to where the commitments are detailed in the Offset Management Plan.
reporting and review mechanisms, and documentation standards to demonstrate compliance with the commitments in the Offset Management Plan
an assessment of risks to achieving environmental objectives and risk management strategies that will be applied
a monitoring program, for the approval holder to monitor whether the management actions have been undertaken by DBCA, which must include:

measurable performance indicators
the timing and frequency of monitoring to detect trigger values and changes in the performance indicators
trigger values for corrective actions
proposed corrective actions if trigger values are reached

links to referenced plans and applicable conditions of approval (including State approval conditions).19/11/202109If the Offset Management Plan required under condition 8 for the offset site transferred to DBCA as required under condition 4 has not been approved by the Minister in writing within 12 months of the commencement of the action, and the Minister notifies the approval holder the Offset Management Plans are not suitable for approval, the Minister may, at least two months after notifying the approval holder, approve a version of the Offset Management Plan revised by the Department.19/11/202110The approval holder must provide the Department with written evidence that DBCA has committed to implement the applicable elements of the Offset Management Plan approved by the Minister in writing, or a subsequent version currently approved by the Minister, from when it is approved by the Minister for the remainder of the period of effect of this approval. The approval holder must not register any title for any property subdivided from within the development envelope of Lots 635, 739 and 740 on Deposited Plan 202751, Baldivis Road, Baldivis, Western Australia until the Minister has confirmed in writing acceptance of evidence that DBCA has committed to implement the Offset Management Plan.19/11/2021There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

