

Moranbah North Extension Project, Moranbah, Qld











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending03Environmental Offset Requirements
3. To compensate for the total clearance of habitat for the listed threatened species up to the limits as specified in condition 2, the approval holder must provide an environmental offset in accordance with the principles of the Environmental Offsets Policy.18/09/2020044. To compensate for the total clearance of 530 ha of Greater Glider (Petauroides volans) habitat, the environmental offset must result in an increase in Greater Glider (Petauroides volans) habitat connectivity in the riparian zones within the environmental offset.28/02/2022055. By 30 September 2022, the approval holder must submit an Offset Area Management Plan (OAMP) prepared by a suitably qualified ecologist and suitably qualified person for the written approval of the Minister. The approval holder must not commence Stage 2 until the OAMP has been approved in writing by the Minister. The approved OAMP must be implemented for at least the remaining duration of this approval.28/02/202206The OAMP must include:a. a description of the environmental offset that will compensate for the total clearance of the listed threatened species habitat as specified in condition 2, including the location, size, condition, environmental values present and surrounding land uses;
b. baseline data, including results from field validation surveys, and quantifiable ecological data on habitat quality and other supporting evidence that documents the presence of each listed threatened species, and the quality of habitat for each listed threatened species within the environmental offset;
c. an assessment of site habitat quality;
d. details of how the environmental offset will provide connectivity with other habitats and biodiversity corridors or will contribute to a larger strategic offset for each listed threatened species;
e. maps and shapefiles to clearly define the location and boundaries of the environmental offset, accompanied by the offset attributes;
f. specific offset completion criteria derived from the site habitat quality to demonstrate the improvement in the quality of habitat for each listed threatened species in the environmental offset over the remaining period of effect of this approval;
g. details of the management actions, and timeframes for implementation, to be undertaken to achieve the offset completion criteria, including but not limited to:
i. removal and exclusion of stock from grazing in the riparian zones where establishment work of tree species native to the Bowen Basin region is being undertaken;ii. control of grazing in the riparian zones where there are established trees;iii. establishment of a typical range of tree species native to the Bowen Basin region, in particular local Eucalyptus species in riparian zones and elsewhere in the environmental offset;iv. measures to protect juvenile trees from grazing by native species; andv. weed and feral animal management:
h. interim milestones that set targets at 5-yearly intervals for progress towards achieving the offset completion criteria;
i. details of the nature, timing and frequency of monitoring to inform progress against achieving the 5-yearly interim milestones and maintaining improvements of habitat quality (the frequency of monitoring must be sufficient to track progress towards each set of milestones, and sufficient to determine whether the environmental offset is likely to achieve those milestones in adequate time to implement all necessary corrective actions);
j. timing for the submission of internal monitoring reports which provide evidence demonstrating whether the interim milestones and offset completion criteria are likely to be, and/or have been, achieved;
k. timing for the implementation of corrective actions if monitoring activities indicate the interim milestones will not be, or have not been, achieved;
l. a risk analysis and a risk management and mitigation strategy for all risks to the successful implementation of the OAMP and timely achievement of the offset completion criteria, including a rating of all initial and post-mitigation residual risks in accordance with the risk assessment matrix;
m. evidence of how the management actions and corrective actions take into account relevant approved conservation advices and are consistent with relevant recovery plans and threat abatement plans; and
n. details of the legal mechanism for legally securing the environmental offset, such that legal security remains in force over the environmental offset for at least the period of effect of this approval.18/09/202007To assess the effectiveness of the management actions in the approved OAMP to increase Greater Glider (Petauroides volans) habitat connectivity in the riparian zones within the environmental offset, the approval holder must engage an independent suitably qualified expert to undertake an assessment every 5 years after the approval of the OAMP until the approved OAMP offset criteria are achieved.18/09/202008The approval holder must ensure each assessment of the effectiveness of the management actions in the approved OAMP is:
a. subject to a peer-review completed within 6 months of the completion each such assessment; and
b. published on its website with the findings of the peer-review within 6 months of the completion of the peer-review and remain published for the remaining duration of this approval.18/09/202009The approval holder must legally secure the environmental offset within 1 year from the date that the OAMP is approved in writing by the Minister. The approved OAMP must be attached to the legal mechanism used to legally secure the environmental offset.18/09/202010The approval holder must notify the Department within 5 business days of the mechanism to legally secure the environmental offset having been executed.18/09/2020There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

