

Kaban Green Power Hub, Kaban, Qld











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending18Environmental offsets
18. To compensate for the clearance of Magnificent Brood Frog habitat and Greater Glider habitat as specified in condition 1(b)-(c), the approval holder must legally secure all environmental offsets proposed in the Offset Area Management Plan within 12 months of the commencement of the action. The Offset Area Management Plan must be attached to the legal mechanism used to legally secure the offset areas.21/04/20201919. The approval holder must notify the Department within five business days of the legal security mechanism for each offset area being executed.21/04/20202020. The legal mechanism used to legally secure the offset areas must remain in force for at least the duration of this approval.21/04/20202121. To ensure that the offsets required under condition 18 provide a conservation gain in accordance with the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy, the completion criteria must be achieved within 20 years of the commencement of the action and then be maintained or improved for the duration of the approval.21/04/20202222. To ensure that the offsets required under condition 18 provide ongoing habitat for the Magnificent Brood Frog and Greater Glider, the key habitat features identified in the Offset Area Management Plan must be maintained or improved for the duration of the approval.21/04/20202323. To ensure that the completion criteria will be achieved, performance against performance targets must be reported in each annual compliance report required under condition 35.21/04/20202424. If a performance target is not met at the completion of each five year period, the approval holder must, on each occasion that a performance target is not met, report on the corrective action/s that will be implemented and an assessment of their likely effectiveness in the first annual compliance report required under condition 35 following a performance target not being met and all subsequent compliance reports required under condition 35 for the life of the approval.21/04/20202525. If any of the completion criteria are not met within 20 years of the commencement of the action, the approval holder must, within 10 business days of the 20th anniversary of the commencement of the action, notify the Department of the completion criteria that have not been met. Within 6 months of the 20th anniversary of the commencement of the action, if the approval holder has not met all of the completion criteria, the approval holder must submit a supplementary Offset Area Management Plan that details the additional and/or revised management measures that will be implemented and/or alternative offset or offsets that will be provided to compensate for the failed offset and submit it to the Department to be approved in writing by the Minister. If approved in writing by the Minister, the approval holder must implement the approved supplementary Offset Area Management Plan.21/04/20202626. At least 12 months and no more than 24 months following commissioning, the approval holder must submit a Residual Impacts Report which details the actual residual impact of the action on Magnificent Brood Frog habitat and Greater Glider habitat to the Department. The Residual Impacts Report must be informed by a scientifically robust program of monitoring that has been endorsed by an independent suitably qualified amphibian expert and conducted by a suitably qualified ecologist. The Residual Impacts Report must be prepared by an independent suitably qualified ecologist.21/04/20202727. If the actual residual impact of the action on Magnificent Brood Frog habitat or Greater Glider habitat is greater than the impact of the action on Magnificent Brood Frog habitat or Greater Glider habitat already offset, the approval holder must provide an environmental offset to compensate for the additional residual impact consistent with the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy. The approval holder must, within 60 business days of submitting the Residual Impacts Report required under condition 26, submit a supplementary Offset Area Management Plan to the Department to be approved in writing by the Minister. If approved in writing by the Minister, the approval holder must implement the approved supplementary Offset Area Management Plan.21/04/2020There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading...

<
1
2
>

 Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

