

Warrawoona Gold Project, Pilbara Region, WA











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending19Offsets
To compensate for the residual significant impacts of clearing of up to 465 ha of ghost bat, northern quoll, Pilbara olive python and Pilbara leaf-nosed bat habitat, the approval holder must comply with conditions 20-25 below.2/08/202120The approval holder must contribute to the Pilbara Environmental Offsets Fund (PEOF). In making the contribution to the PEOF, the approval holder must:

contribute funds towards an offset activity or offset activities that:

is intended to reduce the rate of decline of the ghost bat, northern quoll, Pilbara olive python and Pilbara leaf-nosed bat species;
is intended to ensure that a viable population of ghost bat, northern quoll, Pilbara olive python and Pilbara leaf-nosed bat species remains in the Pilbara bioregion; and
has specified outcomes and performance indicators; timeframes and milestones for their achievement; sufficient monitoring to detect achievement of performance indicators, milestones and the outcomes; and regular reporting to the approval holder of the outcomes of the monitoring.


make an annual payment of $1,542 to the PEOF by 30 September for each hectare of ghost bat, northern quoll, Pilbara olive python and Pilbara leaf-nosed bat habitat cleared, based on evidence of the actual clearing footprint from the date of commencement of the impact to the next 30 June, and then annually during each subsequent 12-month period ending 30 June. All payments must be exclusive of GST and increased in accordance with the CPI from  1 July 2020;
as an advance payment, prior to commencement of the impact, contribute $100,000 to the PEOF toward achieving the outcomes set out in condition 20.a. of this approval. This advanced payment is not additional to the annual payments required by condition 20.b.
submit evidence of each payment made under condition 20.b and 20.c. to the Department within 40 business days of the date of the payment;
unless otherwise agreed to by the Minister in writing, submit an annual delivery agent report(s) to the Department for each PEOF offset activity that consistent with condition 20(a), funds have been contributed towards. The approval holder must submit the annual delivery agent report(s) every 12-months from the date of the advanced payment required by condition 9(c), or as otherwise agreed to in writing by the Minister.
write to the Minister, within 10 business days of being aware or having concerns, providing details, that the offset outcomes specified for the PEOF project(s) may not be achieved; and
on completion of clearing, submit to the Department an impact reconciliation report verified by an independent person.12/02/202121If the Minister is reasonably satisfied that there has been, or there is probably going to be, a failure, the Minister may write to the approval holder asking it to provide evidence about whether failure has occurred or is likely to occur and nominating a deadline by which this must be provided.12/02/202122If, after considering any information provided by the approval holder by the deadline nominated by the Minister under condition 21 and any other information available to the Minister, the Minister is reasonably satisfied that there has been a failure, the Minister will notify the approval holder of the failure.12/02/202123The approval holder must submit for the Minister’s approval, within 4 months of being notified by the Minister of a failure, a draft Offset Strategy consistent with the principles of the Environmental Offsets Policy. The approval holder must implement the approved Offset Strategy. The approval holder must commence implementation of the approved Offset Strategy within 2 months of the approval of the draft Offset Strategy by the Minister in writing, or another time as agreed in writing by the12/02/202124The draft Offset Strategy to be provided for the Minister’s approval at condition 23, must be a framework for how the residual significant impacts to the ghost bat, northern quoll, Pilbara olive python, or Pilbara leaf-nosed bat will be offset and must detail:

how the strategy will address the outcomes specified under condition 20.a., including the extent to which the outcomes have been addressed prior to any failure;
how it accounts for relevant approved conservation advices, recovery plans and  threat abatement plans;
the party to be responsible for implementing the proposed offset;
the location and nature of the proposed offset;
detailed objectives, outcomes, and timeframes for their achievement;
budget;
performance and completion criteria for evaluating conservation or research outcomes;
has project monitoring (with indicators and measures) that demonstrates achievement of the outcomes, reporting on agreed outputs/offset activities and includes evaluation;
a description of the potential risks to the successful implementation of each proposed offset (including but not limited to environmental, administrative, financial, and governance risks);
a description of the measures that will be implemented to mitigate risk associated with each proposed offset and a description of the contingency measures that will be implemented if performance or completion criteria are not met;
processes to adaptively manage the proposed offset;
how the proposed offset is consistent with the Environmental Offsets Policy; and
how the measures will be implemented as part of the Offsets Strategy to ensure they have no detrimental impact on any threatened species listed under the EPBC Act.12/02/202125If the Minister considers that a draft Offset Strategy consistent with the outcomes specified at condition 24, has not been received within 4 months of the approval holder being notified by the Minister of a failure under condition 22, the Minister may notify the approval holder that:

the draft Offset Strategy does not adequately offset the impacts to the ghost bat, northern quoll, Pilbara olive python, or Pilbara leaf-nosed bat, and
it must submit a draft Offset Strategy to the Minister that is suitable for approval.12/02/202126If, after 60 business days of receiving this notice, the approval holder does not submit a draft Offset Strategy to the Minister that is suitable for approval, the Minister may require the approval holder to do any of the following:

cease any clearing of habitat for the ghost bat, northern quoll, Pilbara olive python, or Pilbara leaf-nosed bat; or
cease taking the action or part of the action.

Recommencement of clearing or the action or part of the action, can occur once the Minister agrees in writing that the requirements of condition 24 have been satisfied.12/02/2021There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

