

Isaac Downs coal mine project, near Moranbah, Qld











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending033. To compensate for the impacts to habitat for listed threatened species up to the limits specified in condition 2.a to 2.d, the approval holder must, prior to the commencement of the action and for the duration of the approval, implement the Offset Area Management Plan (OAMP).26/05/2021077. The approval holder must ensure the OS-OAMP required under condition 4 includes the following:

details to demonstrate how the offset(s) proposed compensates for the impacts to Ornamental Snake (Denisonia maculata) habitat and any prior clearance in accordance with the Environmental offsets policy;
a description of the offset(s), including location, size, condition, environmental values present and surrounding land uses;
relevant baseline data and other supporting evidence, including results from field validation surveys and quantifiable ecological data, that documents the presence or likely presence of the Ornamental Snake (Denisonia maculata) and the quality of the Ornamental Snake (Denisonia maculata) habitat within the offset area(s);
an assessment of the site habitat quality score(s);
details of how the offset area(s) will provide connectivity with other habitats and biodiversity corridors and/or will contribute to a larger strategic offset for the Ornamental Snake (Denisonia maculata);
a description and maps (including shapefiles) to clearly define the location and boundaries of the offset area(s), accompanied by the offset attributes (including physical address of the offset area(s), coordinates of the boundary points in decimal degrees and the size of the environmental offsets in hectares);
specific offset completion criteria derived from the site habitat quality score to demonstrate the improvement in the habitat quality score for Ornamental Snake in the offset area(s) over the period of effect of this approval
details of the management actions (including timing, frequency, duration and method of outcome measurement), to be carried out to meet the offset completion criteria (the management actions proposed must be consistent with the Environmental management plan guidelines and the approved conservation advice);
interim performance targets that set targets at 5-yearly intervals for expected progress towards the completion criteria set in condition 7.g;
details of the nature, timing and frequency of monitoring to inform progress against achieving the interim performance targets (the frequency of monitoring must be sufficient to track progress towards each set of milestones, and sufficient to determine whether the offset area(s) is/are likely to achieve those milestones in adequate time to implement all necessary corrective actions);
timing for the implementation of corrective actions if monitoring activities indicate the interim performance targets have not been achieved;
a risk analysis and a risk management and mitigation strategy for all risks to the successful implementation of the OS-OAMP and timely achievement of the offset completion criteria, including for if the offset fails to achieve and maintain the completion criteria; and
the legal mechanism that will be used for legally securing the offset area(s), such that legal security remains in force over the offset area for at least the period of effect of this approval.26/05/2021088. Within 60 business days after the end of each 5 year period from the date of implementation of the OAMP, until the expiry of this approval, the approval holder must submit to the department, and publish on the website for the remainder of the period of the approval, a report that assesses progress towards achieving and maintaining the completion criteria specified in the OAMP and approved OS-OAMP. The report must:

detail performance achieved against all interim performance targets in the period since the date of implementation with more detail in respect of the period since the last report;
describe the results and effectiveness of all management actions implemented during the period the subject of that report;
include all monitoring results, including all confirmed sightings of listed threatened species in a format consistent with the Guidelines for biological survey and mapped data; and
detail any interim performance targets not met and describe all corrective actions taken and evaluate their effectiveness.

Once the completion criteria are achieved, they must be maintained by the approval holder for the remainder of the duration of this approval.26/05/20211010. The approval holder must legally secure the offset area(s) described in the OAMP and approved OS-OAMP within 12 months of the approval of the associated plan. The OAMP and approved OS-OAMP must be attached to the legal mechanism used to legally secure the associated offset area(s).26/05/20211111. The approval holder must provide evidence to the department within 5 business days of the legal mechanism being executed.26/05/20211212. The legal mechanism used to legally secure the offset area(s) described in the OAMP and approved OS-OAMP must remain in force from the date of obtaining legal security and for at least the remaining period of effect of this approval.26/05/2021There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

