

Bunbury Outer Ring Road Northern and Central Section Project, WA











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending07Offsets
 Previously identified offset areas 
To compensate for residual significant impacts to Western Ringtail Possum and Black Cockatoos, the approval holder must secure as offset areas the properties at Lot 2 Boyanup Picton Road, Lot 104 Willinge Drive, Davenport and State Forest No. 2, (illustrated as the areas shaded green, designated as ‘BORR North offset property’ and shaded orange, designated as ‘Potential MRD rehabilitation areas’ on the maps at Attachment A) in accordance with the Offset Strategy Plan.21/12/202008The approval holder must submit for the Minister’s approval, within 12 months of the date of this approval, an Offset Management Plan for the offset sites required under condition 7. The Offset Management Plan must be consistent with the Department’s Environmental Management Plan Guidelines, and must include:

the environmental objectives, relevant EPBC Act protected matter(s) and a reference to EPBC Act approval conditions to which the plan refers;
a table of commitments made in the plan to achieve the objectives, and a reference to where the commitments are detailed in the plan;
reporting and review mechanisms, and documentation standards to demonstrate compliance with the plan;
an assessment of risks to achieving environmental objectives and risk management strategies that will be applied;
impact avoidance, mitigation and/or repair measures, and their timing; and
a monitoring program, which must include

measureable performance indicators;
the timing and frequesncy of monitoring to detect trigger values and changes in the performance indicators;
trigger values for corrective actions; and
preoposed corrective actions, if trigger values are reached.


links to referenced plans and applicable conditions of approval (including State approval conditions).

The Offset Management Plan as approved by the Minister must be implemented.21/12/202009In addition to the requirements of condition 8, the Offset Management Plan must:

demonstrate that the offset areas required under condition 7 contain sufficient habitat for the Western Ringtail Possum and Black Cockatoos, of sufficient habitat quality to be consistent with the Offset Strategy Plan;
identify the securing mechanism by which each offset area will be permanently protected for conservation;
detail the method by which any revegetation and/or rehabilitation will be undertaken in each offset area in order to achieve the targets for vegetation condition specified in the Offset Strategy Plan including details of:

the timeframe for the revegetation and rehabilitation actions to be undertaken;
the funding arrangements under which the revegetation and rehabilitiation actions will be undertaken; and
the name, qualifications and experience of the suitably qualified ecologist who will manage all revegetation and rehabilitation actions.


detail ongoing management actions to ensure that, once any revegetation or rehabilitation target, as specified in the Offset Strategy Plan, is reached, each such target continues to be met or exceeded for at least 20 years, including details of:

the funding arrangement under which the maintenance actions will be undertaken; and
the suitably qualified ecologist who will manage maintenance actions.


identify any contingency actions to be implemented should revegetation, rehabilitation or management actions fail; and
detail monitoring, reporting and evaluation mechanisms for revegetation, rehabilitation and management actions and propose suitable reporting frameworks to the Department.

If the Offset Management Plan is not able to demonstrate that the offset areas required under condition 7 contain sufficient areas of suitable habitat quality for the Western Ringtail Possum and Black Cockatoos to be consistent with the Offset Strategy Plan the approval holder must propose additional offset areas such that the full suite of offset areas contains sufficient habitat for the Western Ringtail Possum and Black Cockatoos. Details of these additional offset areas must be provided in the Land Acquisition and On-ground Management Offset Strategy required under condition 10 (or, if that strategy is already finalised, a revised version of the Land Acquisition and On-ground Management Offset Strategy, which must be submitted to the Western Australian Environmental Protection Authority within 12 months of the submission of the Offset Strategy Plan).21/12/2020There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

