

Residential Development, Collingwood Park, Ipswich, Qld











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions











Offset Name








Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending44. To compensate for the clearing of 24.89 hectares of Koala habitat and Grey-headed Flying-fox
foraging habitat, the approval holder must:
 
a) Legally secure at least 34.7 ha of land at the Scenic Ridge Offset Management Zone 1 area
prior to the commencement of the action; and
 
b) within 20 business days of legally securing the Scenic Ridge Offset Management Zone 1 area,
provide the Department with written evidence demonstrating that the Scenic Ridge Offset
Management Zone 1 area has been legally secured (e.g. legal security documentation),
including shapefiles and the offset attributes.6/09/202155. The approval holder must, within one month of this approval decision, submit an Offset
Management Plan for Scenic Ridge Offset Management Zone 1 for approval by the Minister. The
approval holder must not commence works within the Phase 2 Area until the Offset Management
Plan for Scenic Ridge Offset Management Zone 1 has been approved by the Minister in writing.
The approval holder must implement the Offset Management Plan approved by the Minister for
Scenic Ridge Offset Management Zone 1.6/09/202166. The Offset Management Plan for Scenic Ridge Offset Management Zone 1 must be consistent
with the Department’s Environmental Management Plan Guidelines, and must include the
following:
a) A summary of the residual impacts to Koala habitat and Grey-headed Flying-fox foraging
habitat that will be compensated for by the offset. This summary must include the area(s) of
habitat for protected matters and its condition and quality at all impact sites which the
particular offset is to address.
b) Detailed survey methodologies for determining baselines on the proposed offset for feral
animal abundance and extent of weed cover, modified habitat quality assessment for Koala,
and a Grey-headed Flying-fox habitat assessment; and detailed methodologies for specifying
baseline levels based on the survey data.
c) The environmental objectives, relevant to Koala and Grey-headed Flying-fox, and a reference
to the EPBC Act approval conditions and other applicable conditions of approval (including
State approval conditions), if any, to which the Offset Management Plan refers.
d) A table of commitments made in the Offset Management Plan to achieve the environmental
objectives, and a reference to where the commitments are detailed in the Offset Management
Plan.
e) Reporting and review mechanisms, and documentation standards to demonstrate compliance
with management and environmental commitments in the Offset Management Plan.
f) An assessment of risks to achieving environmental objectives and risk management strategies
that will be applied.
g) Impact avoidance, mitigation and/or repair measures, and their timing.
h) A monitoring program, which must include:
      i. measurable performance indicators to monitor attainment of the offset completion criteria;
      ii. trigger values for corrective actions; and
      iii. the timing and frequency of monitoring to detect trigger values and changes in the performance indicators.
i) Proposed corrective actions, if trigger values are reached or performance indicators not
attained.6/09/2021There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

