

Residential Development (Lot30, SP309195) Mountain Ridge Rd, South Maclean, Qld











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending05Environmental Offset Requirements
To compensate for the clearing of 31.4 ha of Koala habitat and Grey-headed Flying-fox foraging habitat, the approval holder must:
a. Legally secure at least 72.45 ha of land at the Koala Crossing Offset Site and commence management activities prior to undertaking any clearing at the development area;
b. Within 20 business days of legally securing at least 72.45 ha land at the Koala Crossing Offset Site, provide the Department with written evidence demonstrating that the Koala Crossing Offset Site has been legally secured (e.g. legal security documentation), and shapefiles of the offset attributes; and
c. Implement the Offset Management Plan for the duration of the approval.
d. it uses and permissible activities at the Koala Crossing offset site such that the value of the Koala Crossing offset site as Koala habitat and Grey-Headed Flying-fox foraging habitat cannot lawfully be reduced.11/12/202006Baseline survey information
Within twelve months of this approval, the approval holder must complete baseline surveys of the entire Koala Crossing Offset Site. The baseline surveys must be conducted by a suitably qualified field ecologist in accordance with a scientifically valid, robust, and repeatable methodology, and must include the following:

The detailed baseline habitat quality assessment data for each operational management unit as provided in the preliminary documentation;
The vegetation condition attributes for each Regional Ecosystem;
The number and condition of Grey-headed Flying-fox winter or spring flowering foraging species across each assessment plot at the Koala Crossing Offset Site;
The Species Density for the Koala;
The extent of weed cover;
The number or abundance of non-native predators and non-native herbivores across, and where possible surrounding, the Koala Crossing Offset Site;
The number of Koala mortalities attributable to non-native predators; and
The baseline conditions in respect of each of the outcomes specified in conditions 8 – 19.11/12/202007The approval holder must update the Offset Management Plan to include all baseline survey data (including survey methodology and dates) within three (3) months of completion of survey, and include a program to monitor and report to the Department on progress against the ecological outcomes specified in conditions 8–19. Within 3 Months of completion the Offset Management Plan must be published on the approval holder’s website and a copy is to be provided to the Department.11/12/202008Pest and weed management 
The approval holder must undertake management activities to prevent Koala mortalities resulting from non-native predators for the duration of the approval across the entire Koala Crossing Offset Site. If a Koala mortality does occur, the approval holder must notify the Department within 5 business days of becoming aware of the mortality.11/12/202009The approval holder must demonstrate that the management actions reduce the extent of weed cover across the whole Koala Crossing Offset Site is:

Less than 20% of baseline extent by the end of year 5; and
Less than 10% of baseline extent by the end of year 10, and
Less than 5% of baseline extent by the end of year 20, then maintained for the remaining period of effect of this approval.11/12/202010Within 6 months of each fifth anniversary of the date when the Offset Site is legally secured, the approval holder must publish the outcomes of condition 8 and 9 and provide a copy of the outcomes to the Department within 5 business days of being published.11/12/202011stock Management
The approval holder must install fauna friendly stock exclusion fencing around Operational Management Unit B within six (6) months of this approval.11/12/202012To facilitate the outcomes prescribed under conditions 13 –17, the approval holder must:

Only permit grazing at the Koala Crossing Offset Site for the purposes of bushfire hazard reduction.
Ensure that all livestock are excluded from Operational management Unit B for a minimum of 5 years from the date of this approval, or until a suitably qualified independent expert has determined that planted Koala and Grey-headed Flying-fox feed trees are of sufficient size to withstand impact from cattle.
The approval holder must provide the Department with a report from the suitably qualified independent expert verifying that planted Koala and Grey-headed Flying-fox feed trees are of sufficient size to withstand impact from cattle before cattle grazing commences within the Koala Crossing Offset Site.
Ensure that any grazing is managed so as to minimise the risk of injury or mortality of Koalas.11/12/202013Before each annual anniversary of the date when the Koala Crossing Offset Site is legally secured, until the end of year 5, and thereafter before each fifth anniversary of the date when the Koala Crossing Offset Site is legally secured, the approval holder must submit to the Department a monitoring report in respect of the period since the period covered by the previous report or since the date when the Koala Crossing Offset Site was legally secured, which includes:


An analysis of how cattle grazing at the Koala Crossing Offset Site has facilitated and/or impacted the achievement of outcomes prescribed under conditions 14 –19;
Frequency, duration and location of grazing, and stock density for each grazing period;
Details of any injury or mortality of individual Koalas;
The timing and frequency of monitoring undertaken; and
Details of corrective actions already undertaken and/or proposed to be undertaken in the event of injury or mortality of individual Koalas as a result of grazing, and/or if monitoring demonstrates the outcomes under 14 –18 are not achievable.11/12/202014Habitat Quality Improvement
The approval holder must undertake Management activities in accordance with Offset Management Plan for the duration of this approval, to improve the condition of the Regional Ecosystems and facilitate natural regeneration at the Koala Crossing Offset Site.11/12/2020There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading...

<
1
2
>

 Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

