

Monaro Highway - Lanyon Drive Upgrade Package 1C











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending05To compensate for the residual significant impact on Striped Legless Lizard, the approval holder must submit an Offset Management Plan for approval by the Minister. The Offset Management Plan must, to the satisfaction of the Minister, meet the requirements of the Environmental Offsets Policy and the Environmental Management Plan Guidelines. The approval holder must not commence the action until the Offset Management Plan has been approved by the Minister in writing. The approval holder must implement the Offset Management Plan as approved by the Minister.15/03/202206The Offset Management Plan must:

Include detailed information on the residual impacts to Striped Legless Lizard that will be compensated for by the proposed offset(s). This must include the area(s) of habitat for the Striped Legless Lizard and its condition and quality at all impact sites which the offset is to address
Identify suitable environmental offset(s) for the impacts on the Striped Legless Lizard, and provide detailed baseline information on the proposed offset(s) and commit to achievable ecological benefits, and timeframes for their achievement, for the proposed offset(s)
Include a monitoring program, which must include:


evidence that effectively determines progress towards, attainment of and maintenance of the ecological benefits for the Striped Legless Lizard
measurable performance indicators to monitor attainment of the ecological benefits for the Striped Legless Lizard
trigger values for corrective actions
the timing and frequency of monitoring to detect trigger values and changes in the performance indicators



Include reporting and review mechanisms, and documentation standards to inform others annually regarding compliance with management and environmental commitments, and attainment and maintenance of ecological benefits, as specified in the Offset Management Plan
Detail when and how the offset(s) will be secured and protected, and how the ecological benefits will be maintained, in perpetuity
Include a reference to the EPBC Act approval conditions to which the Offset Management Plan refers
Include a table of the commitments made in the Offset Management Plan to achieve the ecological benefits for relevant protected matters, and a reference to where the commitments are detailed in the Offset Management Plan
Include an assessment of risks to achieving the ecological benefit(s) and what risk management strategies will be applied to address these
Propose corrective actions to ensure ecological benefits for the protected matters are attained or maintained, if trigger values are reached or performance indicators not attained
Specify referenced plans and applicable conditions of approval (including State approval conditions), if any, and how these can be accessed.15/03/202207The offset(s) identified in the approved Offset Management Plan must be legally secured prior to commencement of the action.15/03/202212The approval holder must ensure that any monitoring data (including sensitive ecological data), surveys, maps, and other spatial and metadata required under the Offset Management Plan is prepared in accordance with the department’s Guidelines for biological survey and mapped data (2018) and submitted electronically to the department in accordance with the requirements of the Offset Management Plan.15/03/2022There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

