

Wambo Wind Farm











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending5To compensate for the clearing of up to 30 hectares of Koala habitat and/or Greater Glider habitat, the approval holder must submit an Offset Area Management Plan for approval by the Minister. The approval holder must not commence the action until the Offset Area Management Plan has been approved by the Minister in writing. The approval holder must implement the Offset Area Management Plan approved by the Minister.21/12/20216The Offset Area Management Plan/s must:

identify a suitable environmental offset(s) for the impacts on Koala habitat and Greater Glider habitat that satisfies the requirements of the Environmental Offsets Policy;
include summary information on the residual impacts to Koala habitat and Greater Glider habitat that will be compensated for by the offset(s). This summary must include the area(s) of habitat for the Koala and Greater Glider and its condition and quality at all impact sites which the particular offset(s) are to address;
include detailed baseline habitat quality information on the proposed offset(s);
commit to achievable ecological outcomes for the proposed offset(s) that meet the requirements of the Environmental Offsets Policy;
detail how the offset(s) will be legally secured;
include a reference to the EPBC Act approval conditions to which the Offset Area Management Plan refers;
include a table of commitments made in the Offset Area Management Plan to achieve the ecological outcomes, and a reference to where the commitments are detailed in the Offset Area Management Plan;
include reporting and review mechanisms, and documentation standards to demonstrate compliance with management and environmental commitments in the Offset Area Management Plan;
include an assessment of risks to achieving environmental objectives and risk management strategies that will be applied;
include impact avoidance, mitigation and/or repair measures, and their timing;
include a monitoring program, which must include:

 

the timing and frequency of monitoring to detect trigger values and changes in the performance indicators;
trigger values for corrective actions; and
measurable performance indicators to monitor attainment of the ecological outcomes;

l. include proposed corrective actions, if trigger values are reached or performance indicators not attained; and
m. include links to referenced plans and applicable conditions of approval (including State approval conditions), if any.21/12/20217Prior to the commencement of operation, the approval holder must submit to the Minister detailed plans of the completed layout. If impacts to protected matters from the completed layout are less than 30 ha of Koala habitat or Greater Glider habitat, the approval holder may submit, for approval by the Minister, a version of the Offset Area Management Plan revised to compensate for the actual impacts to protected matters from the action.21/12/2021There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

