

Lot 20 and 42 Marriot Road Commercial Development











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending3
To compensate for impacts to black cockatoos and Banksia TEC, the approval holder must:

Identify offset site boundaries to offset at least 100% of the impact to Black Cockatoos and Banksia TEC, in accordance with the Offset Strategy.
acquire the offset sites identified under Condition 3a prior to the commencement of the action, and
provide written evidence to the department that the offset sites specified in Condition 3b have been acquired and secured and stating the securing mechanism used, within 12 months of the commencement of the action.


3/02/20224
For each suitable nesting hollow impacted within the development envelope, the approval holder must install, in accordance with artificial nesting hollow installation guidelines, at least three artificial nesting hollows. To maximise the likelihood of the installed artificial nesting hollows being used by black cockatoos, the approval holder must:

install at least three artificial nesting hollows prior to impact to the nesting hollow;
undertake adaptive management of the artificial nesting hollows, and as a component of adaptive management, ensure that each installed artificial nesting hollow is:

monitored and maintained in accordance with relevant artificial nesting hollow maintenance guidelines for the duration of the approval, with maintenance actions undertaken outside of the breeding season and within two months immediately before the commencement of the next breeding season; and
not installed in a manner that requires additional clearing of black cockatoo habitat or within 10 metres of the edge of any roads or buildings, to reduce the risk of vehicle strike and human disturbance.


ensure that each installed artificial nesting hollow is inspected at least twice each year, and at least 4 weeks apart, by a suitably qualified ecologist during the breeding season for nine years to record any evidence of use by black cockatoos and to identify any maintenance requirements.


3/02/20225
To compensate for the residual significant impacts to black cockatoos and the Banksia TEC, the approval holder must prepare an Offset Management Plan for the offset sites specified in the Offsets Strategy. The Offset Management Plan must be submitted for the Minister’s approval within 3 months of the date of this approval.
3/02/20226
The Offset Management Plan must be consistent with the Environmental Offsets Policy and Environmental Management Plan Guidelines, and must include:

the residual significant impacts to protected matters (quantified as the area, and quality, of vegetation to be cleared in accordance with condition 1) that will be offset by implementing the plan,
measurable and timebound environmental objectives,
details of relevant protected matters,
reference to the EPBC Act approval conditions to which the plan refers,
a description of each offset area with and maps which clearly define the location and boundary of the offset area/s,
a table of commitments to achieve the environmental objectives, and a reference to where the commitments are addressed in the plan,
reporting and review mechanisms, and documentation standards to demonstrate the effectiveness of the implementation of the plan against the environmental objectives,
a schedule for environmental management to be undertaken at each offset site to achieve the environmental objectives, including:

the timeframes for the activities to be undertaken
the administrative arrangements under which the activities will be undertaken, and






the name, qualifications and experience of the suitably qualified field ecologist who will manage all activities.


a schedule for any revegetation works to be undertaken at each offset site to achieve the environmental outcomes, including:

the timeframes for the activities to be undertaken
the administrative arrangements under which the activities will be undertaken, and




the name, qualifications and experience of the suitably qualified field ecologist who will manage all activities.


an assessment of potential risks of the plan, if implemented, failing to achieve and/or maintain environmental objectives,
and risk management strategies that will be applied,
A monitoring program, which must include:

measurable performance indicators
trigger values for corrective actions




the timing and frequency of monitoring to detect trigger values and changes in the performance indicators, and


proposed corrective actions, if trigger values are reached,


an explanation of how the Offset Area Management Plan addresses the principles of the Environmental Offsets Policy, and
references, with weblinks, to all other plans which the plan refers to.
3/02/20227
Each Offset Management Plan submitted in accordance with condition 6 must be accompanied by shapefiles and offset attributes (including physical address of the offset area(s), coordinates of the boundary points in decimal degrees, the protected matter/s that the environmental offset area/s compensate for, and the size of the offset area/s in hectares
3/02/20228
If the Offset Management Plan for the offset sites specified in the Offset Strategy has not been approved by the Minister in writing within 7 months of the date of this approval notice, and the Minister notifies the approval holder that the submitted Offset Management Plan is not suitable for approval, the Minister may, at least two months after so notifying the approval holder, approve a version of the Offset Management Plan revised by the Department. The approval holder must implement each approved Offset Management Plan for the life of the approval.
3/02/2022There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

