

Mt Arthur Coal Extension Project Hunter Valley NSW











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions











Offset Name








Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending033. The person taking the action must register a legally binding conservation covenant over the conservation and offset areas identified in Table 1 (and shown in Appendix 2a and 2b) by 30 December2017. The mechanism must provide enduring protection for no less than:

707.7 ha of White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland Ecological Community (Box Gum Woodland); and
738.7 ha of suitable habitat for Anthochaera phrygia (Regent Honeyeater) and Lathamus discolor (Swift Parrot).

Note: Offsetting requirements for Regent Honeyeater and Swift Parrot habitat may be accommodated within the White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland Ecological Community components if this habitat is verified as present and includes specific habitat requirements for each of these species in accordance with the Department's listing advice, conservation advice and/or recovery plans.29/06/2017044. The person taking the action must commence progressive regeneration of 1915 ha of woodland and forest communities, including 299.20 ha of Box Gum Woodland identified in Table 1, as described in the Preliminary Documentation within 1 year of commencement of construction.
Table 1 Proposed Mt Arthur Coal Complex Biodiversity Offset Strategy



Offset/Conservation area

Offset type and minimum size (ha)



 
EPBC-listed Box Gum Woodland
Habitat for EPBC listed birds


Existing remnant vegetation


 Mt Arthur Conservation Area
 67
 74


Saddlers Creek Conservation Area
 87.1
 51.2


Thomas Mitchell Drive Offset Area (on-site)
 55.7
 36.5


Thomas Mitchell Drive Offset Area (off-site)
 4.9
 63.9 (+ 62.05 marginal)


Middle Deep Creek Offset Area
 493
 373


Constable Offset Area
 0
 78


 
 707.7
 738.7


Proposed regeneration


500 Ha Regeneration Area
 299.20
 500


1415 ha Rehabilitation Corridors1
 
 1415


Total
 
 1915



 1 A breakdown into separate management areas is provided in the definitions30/04/201205Biodiversity Management Plan
5. The person taking the action must submit for the Minister's approval the Biodiversity Management Plan (BMP) for the project by 30 June 2013. The BMP must reflect the proposed Mt Arthur Coal Complex Biodiversity Offset Strategy as outlined in Table 1 and as generally described in the Preliminary Documentation and focus on the re-establishment and protection of a minimum of 707.7 ha of Box Gum Woodland and a minimum of 738.7 ha of suitable habitat for Regent Honeyeater and Swift Parrot. The approved BMP must be implemented.30/04/2012066. The BMP must describe how the implementation of the offset strategy would be integrated with the overall rehabilitation of the site and with local and regional corridors, existing conservation areas and existing biodiversity commitments at Mt Arthur Coal.30/04/2012077. The BMP must include, but not be limited to, the following information:

a text description and map to clearly define the location, boundaries and size of the conservation and offset areas and the regeneration area and rehabilitation corridors. This must be accompanied with the offset attributes and a shape file;
details of the mechanisms, legal instrument, steps and timing for registering a legally binding conservation covenant that provides enduring protection over each nominated conservation and offset area;
a detailed description of the current condition of the extant vegetation of each conservation and offset area prior to any management activities. This will provide a baseline description of the vegetation condition for the purpose of monitoring;
details of vegetation communities to be re-established to achieve the 500 ha regeneration area and 1415 ha of rehabilitated corridors:

timing of progressive regeneration;
criteria to determine success of re-establishment of the Box Gum Woodland and other woodland and forest communities;
documentation including mapping of current environmental values relevant to MNES of the area;
where revegetation through planting seedlings and/or seeds is intended details of appropriate species and ratios of species relevant to historically occurring listed migratory and listed threatened species' habitat and the White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland Ecological Community; and
the source and provenance of the seed and/or seedlings which will be used.


details of measures to offset the impacts to the MNES described in conditions 3 and 4 including:

details of management actions that will improve the condition of a minimum of 707.7 ha within the conservation and offset areas and 299.2 ha regeneration area to 'state 1' consistent with the state and transition model for Box Gum Woodland (Rawlings et al, 2010) and listing advice for the White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland Ecological Community;
management schedules for all conservation and offset areas, the regeneration area and the rehabilitation corridors identifying targeted actions for specific areas to protect and enhance the extent and condition of habitat values of the offset areas, a map showing areas to be managed;
type of actions for each conservation and offset area, the regeneration area and rehabilitation corridors and details of methods to be used;
timing of management actions for each area;
performance criteria for each action;
a detailed monitoring plan for each action including, but not limited to, control sites, periodic ecological surveys to be undertaken by a qualified ecologist, as agreed to in writing by the Minister, and consistent with survey guidelines for nationally threatened species and communities, to assess the success of the management actions measured against identified milestones and objectives;
contingency measures to be implemented if performance criteria are not met;
a process to report, to the Department, the progress of management actions undertaken in the conservation and offset areas, regeneration area and rehabilitation corridors and the outcome of those actions, including identifying any need for improved management and actions to undertake such improvement; and
details of the various parties responsible for management, monitoring and implementing the management activities, including their position or status as a separate contractor.30/04/20121010. If the person undertaking the action proposes to undertake any action within the conservation and offset areas and regeneration area, other than those management activities related to managing the conservation and offset areas and regeneration area, or as set out in the conditions, approval must be obtained, in writing from the Minister. In seeking the Minister's approval the person undertaking the action must provide a detailed assessment of the area where the action is proposed to take place and an assessment of all associated adverse impacts on MNES. If the Minister agrees to the action within the conservation or offset area, the area identified for the action may be excised from the proposed conservation and offset areas and alternative offsets may be required in relation to the impact on MNES.30/04/2012There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

