

Kemmis 2 open cut coal mine South Walker Creek, 25 km WSW of Nebo Bowen Basin, QLD











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions











Offset Name








Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending03Offest Management plan
3. To compensate for authorised impacts on MNES (per condition 2), the approval holder must submit an Offset Management Plan to the Minister for approval. The approval holder must not impact upon MNES including buffers (as shown in Annexure A) until the Minister has approved the Offset Management Plan in writing. The approved Offset Management Plan must be implemented.16/01/2015044. The offsets must be located at Dabin Holdings (lot 2 SP214117), a property within the Isaac Regional Council, Queensland (shown at Annexure B). The offsets must include at least 65 hectares of Natural Grasslands of the Queensland Central Highlands and the Northern Fitzroy Basin threatened ecological community and 17 hectares of Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant) threatened ecological community.16/01/2015055. The Offset Management Plan must include, but not be limited to, the following information:


details of the offset attributes (including maps in electronic Geographic Information System (GIS) format with accompanying shapefiles), site descriptions, environmental values relevant to MNES, connectivity with other habitat and biodiversity corridors, and rehabilitation, conservation and management measures for long-term protection;


a detailed survey and description of the offset site to clearly identify baseline conditions, establish performance indicators and discuss methods for adaptive management. This must include but not be limited to:


a description (prior to any management activities, hence a baseline) of the current condition of the extant vegetation of each offset area, location of survey points (GPS reference);


the quantity of habitat for EPBC Act listed species or communities (in hectares), found within each offset area;


the condition class of habitat for EPBC Act listed species or communities found within each offset area;


vegetation condition mapping;


photo reference points;


tree age class representation;


percentage tree canopy cover;


number of native plant species in ground layer;


percentage of native and foreign grass cover and whether the grass species are annual or perennial;


description of fauna habitat including condition, type and connectivity; and


fauna surveys (fauna assemblage and species richness) including but not limited to EPBC Act listed species.




plans to improve upon the baseline condition of Natural Grasslands of the Queensland Central Highlands and the Northern Fitzroy Basin and Brigalow listed threatened ecological communities consistent with EPBC Act listing advice. These plans must include:


a map showing areas to be managed;


management actions for each area and details of methods to be used. These must include:


actions consistent with objectives stated in relevant threat abatement plans;


management actions to improve the quality of Natural Grasslands of the Queensland Central Highlands and the Northern Fitzroy Basin and Brigalow listed threatened ecological communities.


clearly identified benchmarks to be achieved by management actions. The time in years to achieve these benchmarks must be used (in the "Time until ecological benefit" field of the Department's Offsets Assessment Guide) to calculate the size of offsets. The benchmarks for success of these actions for Natural Grasslands of the Queensland Central Highlands and the Northern Fitzroy Basin must include:


a reduction of foreign perennial weeds in offset areas to below 5%;


presence of at least 4 species of indicator native grasses


an average of 10,800 tussocks per hectare
The benchmarks for success of these actions for Brigalow listed threatened ecological communities must be aligned or improve upon benchmarks listed in the relevant Queensland Government BioCondition Benchmarks.






timing of management activity for each area;


performance criteria for each offset area;


a monitoring plan to assess the success of the management activities measured against the baseline condition. The monitoring must be statistically robust and able to quantify change in the condition of the Natural Grasslands of the Queensland Central Highlands and the Northern Fitzroy Basin and Brigalow listed threatened ecological communities. This should include, but not be limited to, control sites and periodic ecological surveys to be undertaken by a qualified ecologist;


a description of the potential risks to successful management against the performance criteria, and a description of the contingency measures that would be implemented to mitigate these risks;


a process to report to the Department, the progress of management activities undertaken in the offset areas and the outcome of those activities, including identifying any need for improved management and activities to undertake such improvement; and


details of the various parties responsible for management, monitoring and implementing the management activities including their position or status as a separate contractor.




a completed Offsets Assessment Guide for the proposed offset site and a discussion as to how figures used to complete the Offsets Assessment Guide were derived.16/01/201506Mechanism to secure offsets
6. a) The approval holder must, within 2 years of commencement of construction of Stage 1 (or as required under relevant Queensland legislation, whichever is earlier), register a legally binding conservation              mechanism over the portion of the offset areas which is designated in the Offset Management Plan approved by the Minister as offsetting the impacts associated with Stage 1.
   b) The approval holder must, within 2 years of commencement of construction of Stage 2 (or as required under relevant Queensland legislation, whichever is earlier), register a legally binding conservation             mechanism over the portion of the offset areas which is designated in the Offset Management Plan approved by the Minister as offsetting the impacts associated with Stage 2.
The conservation mechanism must provide protection for the MNES within the offset area for the life of this approval and be approved by the Minister in the Offset Management Plan, described in conditions 3 – 5.26/08/2015There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

