

SA-NSW Energy Interconnector, Robertstown to NSW Border, SA











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending33. To compensate for the residual significant impact on Black-eared Miner and Regent Parrot, within  3 months of the date of this approval, or as otherwise agreed to in writing by the Minister, the approval holder must submit an Offsets Strategy for approval by the Minister.21/02/202244. The Offsets Strategy must:
a. Identify suitable environmental offsets for the impacts on Black-eared Miner and Regent Parrot, that meet the requirements of the Environmental Offsets Policy to the satisfaction of the Minister;
b. Include summary information on the impacted areas and detailed baseline information on the proposed offset(s) and commit to achievable ecological benefits, and timeframes for their achievement, for the proposed offset(s);
c. Describe the monitoring program(s) to be implemented that will determine progress towards, attainment of and maintenance of the ecological benefits for the listed threatened species and communities at the proposed offset(s);
d. Specify how and at what frequency offset(s) management results, monitoring program findings and assessments of ecological benefits will be reported to the Department and the public; and
e. Detail how the offset(s) will be protected, and ecological benefits maintained, in perpetuity.21/02/20225.5. The approval holder must implement the Offset Strategy approved by the Minister. The approval holder must commence implementation of the offsets specified in the approved Offset Strategy within three months of the approval of the Offset Strategy, or another time as agreed in writing by the Minister. The approval holder must not energise the transmission line unless the Offsets Strategy has been approved by the Minister in writing, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Minister.21/02/202266. The approval holder must submit for the Minister’s approval, within 12 months of the date of approval of the Offset Strategy, an Offset Management Plan for each of the offset sites specified in the approved Offset Strategy. Each Offset Management Plan must, to the satisfaction of the Minister, meet the requirement of the Environmental Offsets Policy and the  Environmental Management Plan Guidelines, and must include the following: a. A summary of the residual impacts to protected matters that will be compensated for by the offset. This summary must include the area(s) of habitat for protected matters and its condition and quality at all impact sites which the particular offset is to address. b. The relevant protected matters and a reference to the EPBC Act approval conditions to which the particular Offset Management Plan refers.c. A table of commitments made in the Offset Management Plan to achieve the ecological benefits for relevant protected matters, and a reference to where the commitments are detailed in the Offset Management Plan.d. Reporting and review mechanisms, and documentation standards to inform others annually regarding compliance with management and environmental commitments, and attainment and maintenance of ecological benefits, as specified in the Offset Management Plan.e. An assessment of risks to achieving the ecological benefit(s) and what risk management strategies will be applied to address these.f. A monitoring program, which must include:
i. evidence that effectively determine progress towards, attainment of and maintenance of the ecological benefits for the protected matters
ii. measurable performance indicators to monitor attainment of the ecological benefits for the protected matters;
iii. trigger values for corrective actions; and
iv. the timing and frequency of monitoring to detect trigger values and changes in the performance indicators;
g. proposed corrective actions to ensure ecological benefits for the protected matters are attained or maintained, if trigger values are reached or performance indicators not attained; and
h. links to referenced plans and applicable conditions of approval (including State approval conditions) if any.21/02/202277. The approval holder must implement each approved Offset Management Plan.21/02/202288. If the Offset Management Plan for each of the offset sites specified in the approved Offset Strategy has not been approved by the Minister in writing within 18 months of the approval of the Offset Strategy, and the Minister notifies the approval holder that one or more submitted Offset Management Plans is/are not suitable for approval, the Minister may, at least two months after so notifying the approval holder, approve a version of the Offset Management Plan revised by the Department. The approval holder must implement each approved Offset Management Plan for the remainder of the life of the approval.21/02/2022There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

