

Western Outer Ring Main (WORM) – High pressure gas transmission pipeline











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending4To compensate for impacts to NTGVVP, GSM and SLL, the approval holder must prepare a Grassland Offset Strategy to the satisfaction of the Minister before 1 March 2023 which: 
describes the Grassland Offset Site; demonstrates that the Grassland Offset Site is of a size and scale proportionate to the residual impacts on NTGVVP, GSM and SLL, according to the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy including the Offset Assessment Guide; includes completed Offset Assessment Guides for NTGVVP, GSM and SLL and justification for the figures used in them; outlines measures that can be undertaken on the Grassland Offset Site that will achieve the required habitat quality/ecological community quality improvement; andmust be implemented once approved by the Minister.24/06/20225To ensure that the Grassland Offset Site is protected in a timely fashion, within 12 months of the Minister’s approval of the Grassland Offset Strategy, the approval holder must:
ensure that the Grassland Offset Site Management Plan required under Condition 6 is to the satisfaction of the Minister; provide written evidence to the Department showing that the Grassland Offset Site Management Plan required under Condition 6 is being implemented; andprovide evidence to the Department that the Grassland Offset Site has been secured.24/06/20226The approval holder must submit a Grassland Offset Site Management Plan to the Department for the Minister’s approval. The approval holder must ensure that the approved Grassland Offset Site Management Plan is implemented. The Grassland Offset Site Management Plan must, to the satisfaction of the Minister, meet the requirements of the Environmental Offsets Policy and Environmental Management Plan Guidelines, and must include:
 
a. A summary of the residual impacts to protected matters that will be compensated for by the Grassland Offset Site. This summary must include the area(s) of habitat for protected matters and its condition and quality at all impact sites which the Grassland Offset Site is to address.
b. The relevant protected matters and a reference to the EPBC Act approval conditions to which the Grassland Offset Site Management Plan’s refers.
c. Measures that will be implemented to achieve the ecological benefits for relevant protected matters and the timing and effort to be applied to these measures.
d. A table of commitments made in the Grassland Offset Site Management Plan to achieve the ecological benefits for relevant protected matters, and a reference to where the commitments are detailed in the Grassland Offset Site Management Plan. 
e. The reporting and review mechanisms, and documentation standards that will be implemented to inform others annually regarding compliance with management and environmental commitments, and attainment and maintenance of the ecological benefits as specified in the Grassland Offset Site Management Plan.
f. An assessment of risks to achieving the ecological benefits and what risk management strategies will be applied to address these.
g. A monitoring program, which must include:
i. evidence that effectively determine progress towards, attainment of and maintenance of the ecological benefits for the protected matters 
ii. measurable performance indicators to monitor attainment of the ecological benefits for the protected matters
iii. trigger values for corrective actions 
iv. the timing and frequency of monitoring capable of detecting trigger values and changes in the performance indicators 
 
h. Proposed corrective actions to ensure ecological benefits for the protected matters are attained or maintained, if trigger values are reached or performance indicators not attained; and
i. Links to referenced plans and applicable conditions of approval (including State approval conditions) if any.24/06/2022There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

