

Expansion of the Olympic Dam copper, uranium, gold and silver mine, processing plant and associated infrastructure











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending082Environmental offsets plan
82. The program required under condition 4 must include an environmental offsets plan to compensate for clearance of vegetation and other environmental impacts associated with the action. The offsets plan must:

as a minimum, provide a vegetation offset of at least 8 hectares of vegetation for every hectare cleared.Note: At a ratio of 8:1, the required offset would correspond to approximately 140,000 hectares, based on projected figures for clearing in the environmen1a1 impact statement for the project.
contribute to the biodiversity conservation priorities of the Australian and South Australian governments, in particular, having regard to:

high priority additions to the National Reserve System. Additions must:

meet the eligibility requirements in Minimum requirements for contributing to the comprehensiveness, adequacy and representativeness of the National Reserve System through Caring for our Country funding (Department of Sustainabitity, Environment, Water, Population and Communities 2011 , or as amended)
increase representation of the National Reserve System in bioregions with less than ten per cent protection and/or subregions with less than five per cent representation.


the South Australian Arid Lands Regional Natural Resources Management Plan (South Australian Arid Lands Natural Resources Management Board 2010, or as amended)
the South Australian Arid Lands Biodiversity Strategy (SA Department for Environment and Heritage and SA Arid Lands Natural Resources Management Board 2009, or as amended)
Wildlife Corridors Plan (Department of Sustainability, Environment, Water, Population and Communities, under development)


contribute to landscape scale ecological linkages to increase resilience to climate change
contribute to the protection and recovery of Listed Species and Ecological Communities, in particular, 'the community of native species dependent on natural discharge of groundwater from the Great Artesian Basin', and address key threatening processes
support improved idenlilication, protection, management and interpretation of sites of natural, historic or Indigenous heritage significance, including on existing sites on the Register of the National Estate such as Finniss Springs Mission and Pastoral Station and the Eriocaulon carsonii sites
contribute to meeting the identified research objectives of the Arid Recovery initiative
support research to improve understanding and management of the marine environment in the Upper Spencer Gulf
contribute to capacity building in natural resource and cultural heritage management in Indigenous and other local communities
provide a high degree ofcertainty that conservation outcomes will be achieved in a timely and transparent way and will be long-lasting
deliver on-ground environmental outcomes that would not otherwise occur, noting that lessees have a general duty under the Pastoral Land Management and Conservation Act 1989 (SA) to use good land management practices and prevent degradation of land
include timelrames for undertaking activities identified in the plan, funding arrangements, delivery mechanisms and criteria for measuring and evaluating the success of the plan
provide for provision of data in an appropriate form at for inclusion in the Department's database, including Shapefiles for all offset areas.10/10/2011There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

