

Subdivision at East Woree Industrial Area











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending011. The person taking the action must translocate all impacted Eleocharis retroflexa and Myrmecodia beccarii plants present at the subject site to alternative suitable habitat established either through the trial translocations as described in the translocation report or as outlined in the approved biodiversity offset plan.6/12/201202The Queensland State Government (DEHP) approved biodiversity offset plan must be submitted to the Department prior to commencement of the action6/12/2012033. The person taking the action must manage all translocated Eleocharis retroflexa and Myrmecodia beccarii plants for a maintenance period of two (2) years, following the translocation process. Management of the translocated individuals must be undertaken in accordance with Condition 46/12/2012044. The person taking the action must propagate and plant a new Eleocharis retroflexa or Myrmecodia beccarii individual to replace any respective Eleocharis retroflexa or Myrmecodia beccarii which dies during the translocation process or maintenance period. This replacement must be completed at a 1:1 ratio. All mortalities must be reported to the Department within one (1) month of becoming aware of the event.
Any propagation and planting required by this condition must be completed within two (2) months of an individual dying.  All propagated and planted individuals must then be managed and maintained for a minimum period of one (1) year, if, at minimum, one (1) year has already passed since the conclusion of the translocation process.  Otherwise the newly propagated and planted individuals must be managed for the remainder of the two (2) year maintenance period, to ensure timeframes align with the surviving translocated individuals.6/12/2012055. To ensure the translocation (as required by Condition 1) is not detrimental to the impacted Eleocharis retroflexa and Myrmecodia beccarii plants present at the subject site, the person taking the action must follow the same methodology either undertaken during the trial translocation as described in the consulting ecologist’s translocation report or as outlined in the approved biodiversity offset plan.6/12/2012066. The person taking the action must prepare two (2) Translocation Performance Reports (TPRs) and submit them to the Department. The first report must be provided to the Department within three (3) months of the conclusion of the translocation process, and the second must be provided to the Department within three (3) months of the completion of the maintenance period.
These TPRs must include, but are not limited to the following:

a detailed discussion of the number of Eleocharis retroflexa and Myrmecodia beccarii found on site and the number of deaths suffered as a result of the translocation processes; and
an evaluation of the strengths and weaknesses of each translocation process, including recommendations for future translocation processes6/12/2012There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

