

Eagle Downs Coal Mine Central Queensland











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending022. To offset the impacts to the Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla) dominant and co-dominant ecological community, the Bluegrass (Dichanthium spp) dominant grasslands of the Brigalow Belt Bioregions (North and South) ecological community, and the Ornamental Snake, the person taking the action must register a legally binding conservation mechanism over the following areas:

a minimum of 189 hectares of the Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla) dominant and co-dominant ecological community as identified in the offset management plan referred to in Condition 3;
a minimum of 196 hectares of the Bluegrass (Dichanthium spp) dominant grassland of the Brigalow Belt Bioregions (North and South) ecological community as identified in the offset management plan referred to in condition 3; and
a minimum of 189 hectares of Ornamental Snake habitat as identified in the offset management plan referred to in condition 3.

The above offset areas must be secured through a legally binding conservation mechanism acceptable to the department by 30 June 2014. The legally binding mechanism must provide long term protection for the two offset areas. Within two weeks of registering the legally binding mechanism on the two offset areas, evidence of the mechanism must be provided to the department. The person taking the action must obtain agreement from any third parties responsible for management actions and provide details of the responsible parties, including their position or status as a separate contract to the Department.
Note: For clarity, the offset areas specified in condition 2 (iii) may be accommodated within the Brigalow components of the offset areas under condition 2 (i), if suitable habitat containing specific requirements for the Ornamental Snake is verified as present within these areas.6/01/2014033. To offset the impacts to the “Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant)” endangered ecological community and the “Bluegrass (Dichanthium spp) dominant grasslands of the Brigalow Belt Bioregions (North and South) endangered ecological community, and the Ornamental Snake, the person taking the action must, prior to impacting on the “Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant)” and the “Bluegrass (Dichanthium spp) dominant grasslands of the Brigalow Belt Bioregions (North and South) endangered ecological communities, obtain the Minister’s approval of an Offset Management Plan.
This plan must include:

management actions to protect and enhance the extent and condition of the endangered ecological communities and threatened species habitat values, including rehabilitation, weed control, fire management, erosion and sediment control, management of livestock and restrictions on access, within the offset areas;
the desired outcomes/objectives of implementing the plan;
details of “Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant)” endangered ecological community offset areas, including a clear definition of the location and boundaries of the offset areas , through maps and / or textual descriptions as well as an accompanying shapefile;
details of the Bluegrass (Dichanthium spp) dominant grasslands of the Brigalow Belt Bioregions (North and South) endangered ecological community offset areas, including a clear definition of the location and boundaries of the offset areas, through maps and / or textual descriptions as well as an accompanying shapefile;
the timing, responsibilities and performance criteria for such actions;
the development and implementation of a monitoring and management program for enhancing the offset areas;
The person taking the action must submit to the Department by 31 August each year, until 31 August 2019, a report on implementation of the management actions described in the Offset Management Plans (condition 2) during the previous financial year.The report must include details of the outcomes of the management actions and identify any need for improved management in the offset areas. Subsequent reports from 31 August 2019 are to be submitted to the Department every five years (the first being due 31 August 2024), outlining the management actions undertaken, and the outcomes of the management actions undertaken, during the previous five financial years. Reports must continue to be submitted to the Department as per the schedule in this condition until such time as agreed to in writing by the Minister.
a description of the potential risks to successful management and rehabilitation in the offset areas, and a description of the contingency measures that would be implemented to mitigate these risks; and,
details of parties responsible for monitoring, reviewing and implementing the plan.

The approved Offset Management Plan must be implemented.5/05/2015There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

