

Lower Fitzroy River Infrastructure Project











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending044. Offset Strategy
a. The approval holder must submit for the Minister's written approval, a separate Offset Strategy for each weir to be constructed or raised, which identifies the residual impacts arising from the respective weir on the following MNES:


Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant) ecological community;


Black lronbox (Eucalyptus raveretiana);


Red Goshawk (Erythrotriorchis radiates);


Fitzroy River Turtle (Rheodytes leukops);


Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area and National Heritage place.


b. The offset strategy for each weir must propose in general terms the offsets that the approval holder will provide for the residual impacts arising from the construction or raising of the relevant weir, as set out in Table 1, and how the approval holder intends to deliver the offset obligations.
Table 1




Impact


Indicative Impact Area / Quantity




 


Rookwood Weir


Eden Bann Weir




Listed threatened species and ecological communities
 




i. inundation of Fitzroy River Turtle nest sites within the weir impoundment areas


 


 




ii. modifying aquatic habitat for the Fitzroy River Turtle


660 ha


282 ha




iii. loss of Red Goshawk nesting habitat


588 ha


384 ha




iv. loss of the area of Black
Ironbox habitat


impact area to be determined by pre-clearance surveys required under condition 3




v. loss of the area of Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant) ecological community


impact area to be determined by pre-clearance surveys required under condition 3




vi. any increase in nutrients, sediments, farm chemicals and/or other water quality parameters above baseline levels


as determined by the Program approved in accordance with condition 1




vii. any increase in nitrogen due to decaying vegetation in the inundation area


at least 645 tonnes 1, 2


at least 458 tonnes2




unless the monitoring required at condition 1b) i. conclusively determines that the impact is less than predicted1.




Notes: (1) The indicative areas/quantities will need to be determined based on the particular weir to (first) be constructed or raised. (2) Unless a different impact area is determined by the pre-clearance survey required under condition 3.
c. The offset strategy for each weir must include, but is not limited to:


offset outcomes to be achieved, for listed threatened species and ecological communities listed in Table 1;


details of how offsets will be provided for modifying Fitzroy River Turtle aquatic habitat (Table 1, item ii.);


the timeline and legal mechanism/s for securing the offset area/s and offset outcomes;


information about how the offset area/s will provide connectivity with other relevant habitats and biodiversity corridors;


details of how water quality offsets will be provided consistent with Table 1;


inputs and justification for inputs demonstrating that the offsets are likely to be in accordance with the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy and relevant Reef 2050 Plan requirements, including the net benefit principle.


d. The approval holder must not commence construction or raising of the relevant weir unless the offset strategy for that weir has been approved by the Minister in writing. The approved offset strategy relevant to each weir must be implemented.27/05/2020There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

