

Tourism & Marina Development











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending51Offset Area
51. To compensate for significant residual impacts to the outstanding universal value of the Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area the person proposing to take the action must provide a land based offset area on Great Keppel Island. The offset area must improve degraded vegetation by undertaking restoration activities of degraded vegetation on Great Keppel Island. The restoration activities must be to a standard equivalent to undisturbed vegetation areas representative of the outstanding universal value of the Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area within the Keppel Island Group.5/03/20135252. The offset area includes all areas identified as the Environmental Protection Precinct in Annexure 1 (Figure 2.7, Chapter 2, Section 2.2, page 111 in Final Environmental Impact Statement). The offset area cannot not be area/s already required to be managed, mitigated or rehabilitated by the person taking the action as part any other program/s, plan/s, strategies or requirements specified in these conditions.5/03/20135353. The person undertaking the action must prepare and submit an Great Keppel Island Offset Restoration and Management Plan for the offset area at condition 51, to the Minister and must include:

a textual description and map to clearly define the offset site/s description, location and boundaries of the offset area/s. This must be accompanied with the Latitude and Longitude location point, offset attributes and a shape file;
the environmental values relevant to Great Barrier Reef World Heritage area found on Great Keppel Island that are to be restored in the offset area;
a analysis of connectivity with other habitats on the Island and biodiversity corridors in the region;
mechanisms for long-term net conservation benefit of the offset area, including but not limited to weed and pest management, and a monitoring program based on statistically robust, on ground surveying to ascertain effectiveness of the management actions proposed; and,
timeframes for implementation of the Great Keppel Island Offset Restoration and Management Plan.5/03/20135454. The person taking the action must submit the Great Keppel Island Offset Restoration and Management Plan to the Minister for approval. The person taking the action must not commence the action until the Great Keppel Island Offset Restoration and Management Plan is approved by the Minister. The person taking the action must implement the approved Great Keppel Island Offset Restoration and Management Plan.2/08/20165555.     The offset area at condition 51 must be secured under relevant Queensland legislation within 3 years of the Ministers approval of the Great Keppel Island Offset Restoration and Management Plan.5/03/20135656. If the approved offset area at condition 51 cannot be secured, then the person taking the action must notify the Minister of failure to secure the offset.5/03/20135757. The person taking the action must then submit for the Minister's approval an alternative offset area within 3 months of notification of failure to secure the offset area.5/03/20135858. Prior to submitting an alternative offset area (as per condition 57), the person taking the action must provide evidence to the satisfaction of the Minister that best endeavours were undertaken to meet condition 55.5/03/2013There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

