

Roy Hill to Port Hedland Rail Line and Associated Infrastructure











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending033. To offset the residual impacts of the action on the Greater Bilby (Macrotis lagotis),the person taking the action must, prior to 1 February 2018, submit for the Minister's approval a Greater Bilby Offset Strategy (GBOS). The GBOS must:

specify the location and total area of Greater Bilby habitat cleared to implement the action;
identify threats to Greater Bilby, and nominate potential recovery and research activities that are likely to realise a conservation benefit for Greater Bilby;
demonstrate activities identified in 3(b) are consistent with relevant approved conservation advice, recovery plans, threat abatement plans and/or regional conservation plans;
specify a minimum total contribution to recovery and research activities, equivalent to at least $1,500 (excluding GST) per hectare of Greater Bilby habitat cleared, and milestones for that expenditure;
include a staged process for developing recovery and research activities, and submitting those activities as Offset Projects for approval by the Department;
outline a process for making financial contributions to a conservation offset fund for activities that in combination with, or as an alternative to approved Offset Projects, will realise a conservation benefit to Greater Bilby; and
include processes for reporting additional Greater Bilby habitat clearance, for making supplementary financial contributions, and for reporting on the implementation of the GBOS and meeting expenditure milestones.

The approved GBOS must be implemented.4/12/201703A3A. Offset Projects submitted to the Department for approval in accordance with Condition 3(e) must:

specify the location and nature of Offset Project activities;
include project goal/s, budget and a detailed Offset Project description, including timeframes for implementing the Offset Project, and reporting and publishing Offset Project results;
identify and manage risks associated with implementing the Offset Project;
demonstrate how the Offset Project is consistent with recovery and research activities in the Offset Strategy;
outline consultations associated with developing the Offset Project, including the outcomes of those consultations; and
outline how the Offset Project complies with the principles of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy and, if relevant, how the Offset Project meets the criteria for research and educational programs identified in Appendix A of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy.

The person taking the action must not commence an Offset Project until the Offset Project has been approved in writing by the Department. The approved Offset Project must be implemented.4/12/201703B3B. The value of expenditure per hectare of Greater Bilby habitat cleared must be annually adjusted in accordance with the Perth Consumer Price Index (CPI) fluctuations from 1 July 2016. The first adjustment is to be applied 1 July 2017.4/12/2017There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

