

Springsure Creek Coal Project











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending06Biodiversity Offset Management Plan
6. To compensate for impacts on MNES (reported to the Department under condition 4), the approval holder must submit a BOMP to the Minister for approval. The approved BOMP must be implemented.6/06/2014077. The BOMP must include, but not be limited to, the following information:

details of the offset attributes (including maps in electronic Geographic Information System (GIS) format with accompanying shapefiles), site descriptions, environmental values relevant to MNES, connectivity with other habitat and biodiversity corridors, a rehabilitation program, and conservation and management measures for long-term protection;
a detailed survey and description of the offset site to clearly identify baseline conditions, establish performance indicators and discuss methods for adaptive management. This must include but not be limited to:

a description (prior to any management activities, hence a baseline) of the current condition of the extant vegetation of each offset area.
location of ecological survey points (GPS reference);
the quantity of MNES or habitat for MNES (in hectares), found within the project area;
the condition class of MNES or habitat for MNES found within the each offset area;
vegetation condition mapping;
photo reference points;
tree age class classification;
percentage tree canopy cover;
number of native plant species in ground layer;
percentage of native and foreign grass cover and whether the grass species are annual or perennial;
description of fauna habitat including condition, type and connectivity; and xii. bird and reptile surveys.


plans to improve upon the baseline condition of MNES at the offset site. These plans must include:

a map showing areas to be managed;
management actions for each area and details of methods to be used. These must include:

actions consistent with objectives stated in relevant threat abatement plans; and
weed control measures to reduce/control the presence of foreign weeds within the proposed offset.


timing of management activity for each area;
performance criteria for each area;
a set of measurable ecological indicators for detecting changes to MNES or habitat for MNES that may be ascribed to ongoing water stress;
a monitoring plan to assess the success of the management activities measured against the baseline condition. The monitoring must be statistically robust and able to quantify change in the condition of the MNES or habitat for MNES. This should include, but not be limited to, control sites and periodic ecological surveys to be undertaken by a qualified ecologist;
a description of the potential risks to successful management against the performance criteria, and a description of the contingency measures that would be implemented to mitigate these risks;
a process to report to the Department, the progress of management activities undertaken in the offset areas and the outcome of those activities, including identifying any need for improved management and activities to undertake such improvement; and
details of any parties responsible for management, monitoring and implementing the management activities, including their position title and work relationship to the approval holder;


a completed offsets assessment guide for the proposed offset site and a discussion as to how figures used to complete the offsets assessment guide were derived.6/06/2014There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

