

Construction of the Oakajee Port and Rail Project











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending022. The approval holder must submit an Offset Management Strategy (OMS) for the long-term protection of Carnaby’s Black Cockatoo (Calyptorhynchus latirostris) to the Minister for approval. The OMS must be consistent with the Department’s EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy (2012) or any successor policy, and must propose protection of the following areas of offset:
a. at least 330 hectares of high quality habitat for Carnaby’s Black Cockatoo; and
b. at least 10 hectares of Carnaby’s Black Cockatoo habitat along the Oakajee River.
    The OMS must:
c. detail the location, tenure and conservation management arrangements for the proposed offset areas;
d. specify the mechanism proposed to legally secure the offset area/s;
e. include written agreement from the DBCA that the offset area(s) proposed in relation to 2(a) is suitable for inclusion in the Western Australian Government’s conservation estate; and
f. detail a research project or projects, to be conducted in collaboration with the DBCA, that will enhance knowledge on and about Carnaby’s Black Cockatoos. The approval holder must contribute at least $50,000 to the project. The minimum value of the contribution(s) must be increased by the amount of the CPI, calculated from a start date 30 June 2011. The details must include, though should not be limited to:
i. the person or persons who will undertake the project, and their relevant qualifications;
ii. the ethical clearance and approval process (if any) that will govern the undertaking of the research;
iii. whether any harm to any EPBC Act listed threatened species will, may, or is likely to result from the research; and
iv. the anticipated outcomes of the research; and
v. how the Carnaby’s Black Cockatoo, as a species, will benefit from the research.
The approval holder must not commence the action until the OMS has been approved by the Minister in writing. The approval holder must implement the approved OMS.25/09/2020033. The approval holder must submit to the Minister for approval an Offset Management Plan (OMP) for the rehabilitation of Carnaby’s Black Cockatoo (Calyptorhynchus latirostris) habitat in the offset areas specified in the approved OMS. The OMP must be consistent with:
a. the approved OMS;
b. the Department’s EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy (2012), or any successor document as in effect from time to time;
c. the Department’s EPBC Act Environmental Management Plan Guidelines (2014), or any successor document as in effect from time to time; and
    the OMP must:
d. specify measures to rehabilitate Carnaby’s Black Cockatoo habitat, including to:
i. control noxious/invasive weeds;
ii. control feral animals;
iii. manage bush fire risk;
iv. prevent and control erosion;
v. exclude stock through fencing; and
vi. remove rubbish and dumped material;
e. specify the location, species and density of rehabilitation plantings;
f. define timelines, quantifiable performance indicators, offset completion criteria, and outcomes for rehabilitation and management;
g. specify seed harvesting and topsoil management for the offset area required under 2(b); and
h. specify implementation schedules and monitoring of offset rehabilitation measures and outcomes.
The approval holder must not commence the action until the OMP has been approved by the Minister in writing. The approval holder must implement the approved OMP.25/09/2020There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

