

Development of new natural gas acreage in Surat Basin











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending1717. To compensate for authorised unavoidable significant residual impacts on Matters of National Environmental Significance, the approval holder must, within 14 months of commencement, prepare and submit an Offset Management Plan to the Minister for written approval.17/12/20141818. The Offset Management Plan must include:

details of the offset site(s) proposed for the residual significant impacts for each maximum disturbance limit in Table 1, including, for each proposed offset site, the location, tenure, site description, map of environmental values and shapefiles;
the locations of EPBC listed threatened species habitat and communities in the proposed offset areas, including maps in electronic Geographic Information System (GIS) format;
detailed description of the quality, condition, site context and environmental values of the offset site(s) and include details of connectivity of the offset area with relevant habitats and biodiversity corridors outside the proposed offset areas;
details of the management measures that will be implemented for the protection of EPBC Act listed threatened species and EPBC Act listed ecological communities, including a table setting out how the measures proposed have regard to, and are consistent with, the measures in relevant conservation advice, recovery plans and threat abatement plans;
details of how offset sites have been, or will be, legally secured and the proposed legal mechanism(s) for securing the offset within the required timeframe specified at Condition 20;
a monitoring program for the proposed offset site(s) suitable to measure the success of the management measures against stated performance criteria including monitoring locations, parameters and timing;
a description of the potential risks to the successful implementation of the Offset Management Plan, and details of contingency measures that will be implemented to mitigate these risks; and
a detailed proposal to offset any significant residual impacts on any EPBC Act listed threatened species and EPBC Act listed ecological communities not identified in Table 1.17/12/20142020. The approval holder must legally secure the offset areas proposed in the Offset Management Plan approved by the Minister within 36 months of commencement.28/08/20172121. The approval holder must, within 50 months of commencement, submit a Revised Offset Management Plan to the Minister for written approval. The Revised Offset Management Plan must constitute a revision of the approved Offset Management Plan, taking account of all new information including the results of all pre-clearance surveys. If the residual impact of the project on any MNES is greater than that predicted in the approved Offset Management Plan, the approval holder must propose in the Revised Offset Management Plan an offset or offsets for the additional residual impact. The approval holder must implement the approved Revised Offset Management Plan.17/12/20142222. The approval holder must legally secure the offset areas proposed in the Revised Offset Management Plan approved by the Minister within 12 months from the date of the Minister's approval of this plan.
Note 2: Offsets for some species may be accommodated within ecological communities or overlap State approval requirements or other species habitat requirements, as long as they meet the requirements of these conditions of approval in respect of each individual species and community being offset.
Note 3: The Minister may determine that offsets approved by the Queensland Government may satisfy the requirements for offsetting EPBC Act MNES so long as any required offsets comply with the principles of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy or an equivalent Queensland Government offsets policy that ensures the maintenance and protection of MNES.17/12/2014There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

