

Red Hill Mining Project,20kms north of Moranbah, Qld











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending07Offsets
7. The approval holder must provide environmental offsets for authorised unavoidable impacts on EPBC Act threatened species and communities and their habitat for individual project stages of mine development as detailed in Table 1 including, but not limited to, impacts from clearing and subsidence. The approval holder must ensure that environmental offsets comply with the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy.
Table 1 - Authorised unavoidable impacts for each project stage



 Project Stage
MNES
Impact


Stage 1 Broadmeadow underground mine extension  
Threatened Species
 (ha of habitat)


 Ornamental Snake (Denisonia Maculata)
25.76


 Koala (Phascolarctos cinereus)
72.43


Stage 2 - Red Hill Accommodation village, the expansion of Goonyella Riverside Mine and initial works (including the extraction of coal on Mining Lease 1763) for the Red Hill Mine underground expansion    
 Threatend Species
 (ha of habitat)


 Squatter pigeon (Geophaps scripta scripta)
239.23


 Ornamental snake (Denisonia maculata)
360.5


 Koala (Phascolarctos cinereus)
545.75


 Threatend Communities
 (ha)


Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant)
298.14


Natural Grasslands of the Queensland Central Highlands and the northern Fitzroy Basin
117.54


Stage 3 - Red Hill Mine underground expansion (including the extraction of coal on Mining Lease 70421) 
Threatened Species
(ha of habitat)


Squatter pigeon (Geophaps scripta scripta)
12.77


Bluegrass (Dichanthium setosum)
117.54


 Ornamental snake (Denisonia maculata)
803.04


Koala (Phascolarctos cinereus)
898.26


Threatened Community 
(ha)


 Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant)
 70.6213/08/2015088. Prior to the commencement of the action, the approval holder must submit a Biodiversity Offset Plan (BOP) to the Minister for approval which must demonstrate how the impacts associated with Stage 1, as identified in Table 1, have been addressed. The action must not commence until the BOP for Stage 1, as identified in Table 1, has been approved in writing by the Minister.13/08/2015099. Prior to the commencement of each subsequent project stage, the approval holder must submit a revised BOP to the Minister for approval which must demonstrate how the impacts required for the particular project stage on EPBC Act listed threatened species and communities and their habitat, as identified in Table 1, have been provided. The approval holder must not commence a project stage until the revised BOP for that stage has been approved in writing by the Minister.13/08/20151010. The BOP, and any revised version of the BOP to address a subsequent project stage, must include the following:
a. detailed baseline description of offset areas, including surveys undertaken, condition of existing EPBC Act threatened species and communities and their habitat, relevant environmental values, area of habitat for each EPBC Act listed threatened species and communities including maps in electronic Geographic Information System (GIS) format;
b. how the offset areas provide connectivity with other habitat areas and biodiversity corridors;
c. conservation and management measures for long term protection;
d. a weed management plan;
e. a monitoring program for the offset site/s suitable to measure the success of the management measures against stated performance criteria including monitoring locations, parameters and timing;
f. a description of the potential risks to the successful implementation of the BOP, and details of contingency measures that will be implemented to mitigate these risks and the triggers for implementing contingency measures;
g. a table setting out how the BOP is consistent with relevant recovery plans, threat abatement plans, conservation advices and the SIMP;
h. detail of how the BOP will be revised and provided to the Minister for approval prior to commencement of each remaining project stage including timeframes for revision that allow three months for review and approval of the plan; and
i. demonstration as to how offsets for any subsequent project stage(s) are additional to the offsets already secured for any previous project stage(s), and how this contributes to a larger strategic offset to compensate for impacts from the action on EPBC Act threatened species and communities.
Note 1: An approved Biodiversity Offset Plan is also required by the State government. If a combined document to address both State and EPBC Act approval conditions is submitted it must include a table setting out where in the BOP the relevant EPBC conditions are addressed.13/08/20151111. The approval holder must implement the BOP most recently approved by the Minister.13/08/2015There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

