

Clearing of vegetation to expand the waste rock dump at Greenbushes, WA











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions











Offset Name








Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending033. To compensate for the loss of approximately 75.7 hectares (ha) of black cockatoo habitat the person taking the action must execute a secure and enduring conservation covenant over the offset area identified in Attachment 1.

Within 12 months of the date of this approval, or within a timeframe otherwise agreed to by the Minister:

the person taking the action must provide written evidence to the Department that a legally binding conservation covenant has been registered on the land title
the person taking the action must provide the Department with offset attributes, shapefiles and textual descriptions and maps to clearly define the location and boundaries of the offset area.15/11/2016044. The person taking the action must prepare and submit an Offset Management Plan (Plan), for approval of the Minister to compensate for the loss of approximately 75.7 hectares (ha) of black cockatoo habitat. The person taking the action must not commence the action unless the Minister has approved the Plan. The purpose of the Plan is to protect and improve the quality of black cockatoo habitat within the offset area identified in Attachment 1.
a. The Plan must include, but is not limited to:
i. management measures, including fencing and access controls, to prevent grazing, logging and other illegal land use practices within the offset area;
ii. objectives, targets and completion criteria for the infill planting, including site preparation works, seedling planting program, success rates, ongoing management post establishment and details of replanting requirements, if success rates are not achieved;
iii. management measures including inspection and cleaning regimes to prevent the introduction and spread of Phytophthora cinnamomi (dieback) to the offset area;
iv. rehabilitation measures such as site clean-up and weed management, including information on the mapping, monitoring and removal of noxious weeds;
v. details on proposed fire management measures including firebreak creation and management;
vi. timeframes and implementation for the above measures; and
vii. descriptions of the roles and responsibilities of personnel associated with implementation of each of the above measures.
b. The Plan must provide clear objectives and performance indicators for all management actions, mitigation measures and practices prescribed by the plan including details of the monitoring to be undertaken to demonstrate the effectiveness of the measures and details of the parameters to be monitored, methods, timing, frequency and location of monitoring.
c. The Plan must demonstrate—for all actions, mitigation measures and practices prescribed by the plan—clear objectives and performance indicators as well as corrective actions for circumstances where an action, mitigation measure or practice fails to meet its prescribed objective or performance indicator and trigger action points at which these corrective actions should be implemented.15/11/2016There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

