

Christmas Creek Iron Ore Mine Expansion Project, East Pilbara, WA











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending1111. To offset the residual impacts of the action to EPBC Act listed species, the approval holder must implement the Offsets Strategy.3/01/20171212. To offset the residual impacts of the action on EPBC Act listed species, the approval holder must must either:
a. engage suitably qualified experts1,2,3 to prepare an Offsets Plan. The Offsets Plan must be submitted to the Minister for approval within 12 months of commencement of the action. The action cannot continue for more than 24 months from the date of commencement of the action unless the Minister has approved the Offsets Plan. The Offsets Plan must include:
i. details of specific land management actions to be undertaken within a 250 000 ha area of land within the Fortescue IBRA subregion and/or Chichester IBRA subregion for the life of the action, that maximises the benefits and minimises the following threats to EPBC Act listed species:
– feral predators
– feral herbivores
– weeds
– inappropriate fire regimes.
ii. for each threat to EPBC Act listed species identified by condition 12(a)(i), the Offsets Plan must define the area, including how the areas selected have taken into account listed threatened species and migratory species, timing of actions (including frequency)
iii. provisions for a statistically robust monitoring program or programs to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of the land management actions identified by condition 12(a)(i)
iv. provisions for the annual reporting of monitoring results identified by condition 12(a)(iii) to be reported annually in the impact reconciliation report required by this approval
v. provisions for the revision of the Offsets Plan after the completion of 5 years of management actions to improve the effectiveness of land management actions and minimise the threats to EPBC Act listed species in response to the findings of the monitoring identified by condition 12(a)(iii).
vi. The value of programs and/or actions to be delivered in accordance with the Offsets Plan will be calculated and reported as follows:
vii. AUD $3 000 (excluding GST) per hectare of suitable habitat for EPBC Act listed species removed within the Fortescue Marsh Management Zone 1A and the proposed conservation reserve.
viii. AUD $1 500 (excluding GST) per hectare of suitable habitat for EPBC Act listed species removed outside of Fortescue Marsh Management Zone 1A and the proposed conservation reserve.
ix. The value of contributions will be adjusted from the value specified in conditions 12(a)(vii) and 12(a)(viii) in accordance with the Perth Consumer Price Index (CPI) fluctuations from the date of this approval. The first adjustment is to be applied to the first contribution.
x. The approval holder must prepare and submit an impact reconciliation report to the Department. The first report will be due by 31 March in the second year following the commencement of the action. Each impact reconciliation report must:
I. include spatial data identifying the areas of suitable habitat for EPBC Act listed species removed during the previous two years to 31 December
II. include the methodology for calculating the monies required to be expended on programs and/or actions included in the Offsets Plan pursuant to the requirements of this approval
III. account for work completed and outcomes achieved in the two preceding calendar years in accordance with the Offsets Plan
IV. identify the work program to be implemented in accordance with the Offsets Plan for the subsequent two (2) year period
V. be submitted to the Department every two years thereafter, by 31 March.
The approved Offsets Plan must be implemented if condition 12(b) is not implemented.
OR
b. provide funding to a conservation offset fund, as approved in writing by the Minister. The approval holder must obtain the approval of the Minister prior to commencement of payments. The funding must be paid every two years. The first payment will be due by 30 June in the second year following the commencement of the action or on a date approved by the Minister. The amount of funding to be paid will be calculated and reported as follows:
i. AUD $3 000 (excluding GST) per hectare of suitable habitat for EPBC Act listed species removed within the Fortescue Marsh Management Zone 1A and the proposed Fortescue Marsh conservation reserve 
ii. AUD $1 500 (excluding GST) per hectare of suitable habitat for EPBC Act listed species removed outside of Fortescue Marsh Management Zone 1A and the proposed Fortescue Marsh conservation reserve.
iii. The value of contributions will be adjusted from the value specified in conditions 12(b)(i) and 12(b)(ii) in accordance with the Perth Consumer Price Index (CPI) fluctuations from the date of this approval. The first adjustment is to be applied to the first contribution.
iv. The approval holder must prepare and submit an impact reconciliation report to the Department. The first report will be due by 31 March in the second year following the commencement of the action. The impact reconciliation report must be submitted every two years by 31 March.
v. The impact reconciliation report must:
I. include spatial data identifying the areas of suitable habitat for EPBC Act listed species removed during the previous two years to 31 December
II. include the methodology for calculating the amount of funding that is required to be contributed to a conservation offset fund pursuant to the requirements of this approval.3/01/2017There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

