

Central Eyre Iron Project, Eyre Peninsula, SA











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending055. To offset residual impacts to the southern right whale, the approval holder must prepare and submit a Southern Right Whale Offset Research Plan (Plan) for approval by the Minister. The Plan must identify options, and outline priority projects, to address the threat to the southern right whale from vessel strike, including:


conservation outcomes that may be achieved, directly and/or indirectly, in the short and longer term, from implementing priority projects;


a process for developing priority projects;


a schedule for submitting Offsets Projects for the written approval of the Department;


commitments to full expenditure of offset contributions specified in condition 7 by no later than five years after commencement in the marine environment;


how priority project/s are consistent with the criteria for research programs identified in Appendix A of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy;


a communication and engagement program to promote achievement of the conservation outcomes; and


responsibilities for data handling, technical review and reporting on implementation of the Plan.


The Plan must: be provided to the South Australian Department of Environment, Water and Natural Resources, the Spencer Gulf Ecosystem and Development Initiative and any other relevant stakeholders with an invitation to comment; and detail how the approval holder has responded to any comments received.
The approval holder must not commence construction in the marine environment unless the Minister has approved the Plan. The approved Plan must be implemented.9/03/2018066. To offset residual impacts to the southern right whale, the approval holder must submit one or more Offset Projects to the Department for approval. Each Offset Project must:


be prepared by a suitably qualified expert(s);


describe the research and why it will be beneficial to the conservation of the southern right whale;


conduct the research to a standard that would allow the results to be published in a peer-reviewed scientific journal;


detail the research methodology, who will be undertaking the research and their relevant expertise;


detail the timeframes for completion of the research and an itemised costings/budget;


permissions obtained (or to be obtained) to conduct the research;


be provided to the South Australian Department of Environment, Water and Natural Resources, the Spencer Gulf Ecosystem and Development Initiative and any other relevant stakeholders with an invitation to comment on the research proposal and detail how the approval holder has responded to any comments received;


submit the research for publication in an appropriate peer-reviewed scientific journal.


The approval holder must not commence an Offset Project until the Offset Project has been approved in writing by the Department. Unless otherwise agreed by the Department, approved Offset Projects must be implemented.9/03/20181414. If the Approval holder wishes to carry out an activity otherwise than in accordance with the Southern Right Whale Offset Research Plan or an Offset Project approved under Conditions 5 or 6, respectively, the Approval holder must submit to the Department for the Minister’s written approval a revised version of the plan or project. The Approval holder must not commence the varied activity until the Minister has approved the varied plan or project. If the Minister approves the revised plan or project, the revised plan or project must be implemented in place of the plan or project originally approved.9/03/20181515. Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Minister, the approval holder must publish all management plans and Offset Projects referred to in these conditions of approval on their website. Each management plan must be published on the website within 1 month of being approved by the Minister or being submitted under condition 12.9/03/2018There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

