

Newcastle inner city bypass Rankin Park to Jesmond NSW











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending011. The approval holder must comply with the following NSW conditions where they relate to the protection of the Black-eyed Susan (Tetratheca juncea), the Grey-headed Flying-fox (Pteropus poliocephalus) and the Hunter Estuary Ramsar site:
NSW condition C4, requiring a Flora and Fauna Construction Environment Management Plan
(CEMP).
NSW condition C5, requiring the CEMP Sub-plans to state how:
(a) environmental performance outcomes will be achieved;
(b) how the mitigation measures will be implemented;
(c) how the relevant terms of the NSW conditions will be complied with; and
(d) how issues requiring management during construction, as identified through ongoing
environmental risk analysis, will be managed.
NSW condition C8, construction must not commence until the CEMP and all CEMP Sub-plans have been approved by the Planning Secretary.
NSW condition E2, limiting the clearing of native vegetation to the greatest extent practicable.
NSW condition E4, implementing the Biodiversity Offset Strategy.
NSW condition E5, submission of the Credit Retirement Report to the Planning Secretary. 
NSW condition E6, requiring plant community types that provide habitat for impacted EPBC Act threatened species to be retired in a manner that achieves "like-for-like" habitat for the species.
NSW condition E7, requiring the offsetting of biodiversity impacts to be carried out in accordance with the NSW Biodiversity Offsets Policy for Major Projects (OEH, 2014} and to be achieved by:
(a) acquiring and retiring "biodiversity credits" within the meaning of the Biodiversity Conservation
Act 2016; and/or
(b) making payments to an offset fund developed by the NSW Government; and/or
(c) providing supplementary measures.
Footnote 2 under condition E7 states that: "Any residual impact on EPBC Act listed threatened species and ecological communities must be offset in accordance with an offset process endorsed by the DoEE."
NSW condition E9, stating that the construction of the bypass must demonstrate how:
(a) EPBC Act listed threatened species and ecological communities are protected;
(b) noxious weeds are managed; and
(c) contamination by pathogens, non-indigenous regenerative plant material and seeds can be prevented by the movement of all tools, vehicles, machinery and personnel.
Footnote: These additional requirements must be addressed in the Flora and Fauna Management Sub-plan required under Condition C4 Table 3 (c).
NSW condition E57, requiring the proponent to undertake erosion and sediment controls consistent with the Managing Urban Stormwater series.
NSW condition E85, requiring the bypass to be designed, constructed and operated to achieve the outcomes described in the documents listed in NSW condition Al of the NSW Approval.
NSW condition E86, requiring drainage feature crossings and drainage swales and depressions to be constructed in accordance with the relevant guidelines and designed by a suitably qualified and experienced person.5/04/2019There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

