

Pacific View Estate Urban Development, Worongary, Qld











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending06Environmental offset requirements
To compensate for the residual significant impacts of clearing 186.5 ha of Koala habitat in the Phase 1 clearing area, the approval holder must:
a. legally secure at least 339 ha of land at the Eagle Rock Offset Area and commence management activities prior to the commencement of the action, to compensate for 68.35% of the impact; and,
b. within 20 business days of legally securing the Eagle Rock Offset Area, provide the Department with written evidence demonstrating that the Eagle Rock Offset Area has been legally secured (i.e. legal security documentation), shapefiles of the Eagle Rock Offset Area, and offset attributes.
Note: Uses or activities at the offset site are not permitted if they are not compatible with the primary purpose of conservation.16/11/202007To compensate for the residual significant impacts of clearing 88.1 ha of Koala habitat in the Phase 2 clearing area, the approval holder must:
a. within six months of the date of this approval, submit an Offset Strategy for the Minister’s written approval. The approved Offset Strategy must be implemented for the duration of this approval;
b. outline in the Offset Strategy how the proposed offset compensates for at least 31.65% of the impact of the proposed action;
c. legally secure an approved additional offset site(s) and commence management activities prior to the commencement of clearing in the Phase 2 clearing area; and,
d. within 20 business days of legally securing the environmental offset referred to in Condition 7.c., provide the Department with written evidence demonstrating that the offset area has been legally secured (e.g. legal security documentation), and shapefiles of the offset attributes.
Note: Up to 10% of the additional offset can be provided through other compensatory measures, the remaining 21.65% must be a direct offset.16/11/202008By the end of Year 1, the approval holder must complete baseline surveys of the entire Eagle Rock Offset Area and determine in detail the:
a. vegetation condition attributes for each Regional Ecosystem present;
b. extent, location, condition and quality of Koala habitat, and Koala density;
c. extent of weed cover; and,
d. seasonal feral animal abundance.
The baseline surveys must be undertaken by a suitably qualified field ecologist in accordance with a scientifically valid, robust, and repeatable methodology.16/11/202009Within three months of completion of the baseline surveys required under Condition 8, the approval holder must publish a report on the website that:
a. includes the results of the baseline surveys required under Condition 8;
b. provides details of how the outcomes specified in Conditions 10 – 13 will be achieved;
c. specifies a program of monitoring, and reporting progress against, performance and completion criteria in respect of achieving the ecological outcomes specified in Conditions 10 – 13; and
d. excludes or redacts sensitive ecological data. 
The approval holder must provide a copy of this document to the Department prior to publishing on the website.16/11/202010Pest and Weed management
The approval holder must:
a. demonstrate, by the end of Year 5, that the abundance of feral animals at the Eagle Rock Offset Area is reduced by 95% relative to the abundance of feral animals determined by the baseline surveys; and,
b. for the rest of the period of effect of the approval, ensure that the abundance of feral animals is less than 5% of the abundance of feral animals determined by the baseline surveys.16/11/202011The approval holder must demonstrate that the extent of weed cover at the Eagle Rock Offset Area is:
a. by the end of Year 5, reduced to below 5%; and,
b. for the remainder of the approval, maintained below 5%.16/11/202012Fencing and signage
12. For the protection of Koala Habitat, the approval holder must demonstrate by the end of Year 1 that:
a. fauna friendly gates have been installed at all vehicle access points at the Eagle Rock Offset Area. The approval holder must ensure that the fauna friendly gates are maintained and effective for the purpose of excluding unauthorised access for the duration of the impact and ensure that zero unauthorised incursions occur; and,
b. legible and clearly understood signage that clearly delineates the Eagle Rock Offset Area from surrounding land uses is placed at all access roads into the Eagle Rock Offset Area.16/11/202013Habitat Quality Improvement
For the protection of the Koala the approval holder must achieve the following outcomes at the Eagle Rock Offset Area by no later than 31 January 2045:
a. achieve the outcomes for Regional Ecosystem 12.5.6c at the Eagle Rock Offset Area as specified in Attachment C;
b. maintain or improve the current quality of vegetation condition attributes for Regional Ecosystem 12.5.6c that are not specified in Attachment C; and,
c. achieve a 100% increase, relative to the baseline surveys, in Koala density, and subsequently maintain or exceed that average Koala density for the remainder of the period of effect of the approval.
The approval holder is responsible to achieve and maintain the outcomes specified under Condition 13 for the period of effect of the approval.16/11/202014Monitoring
The approval holder must engage a suitably qualified field ecologist to undertake an assessment in the month before the end of each of year 5, year 10, year 15, and year 20 as to whether each outcome required under conditions 10 – 13 has been, or is likely to be achieved in accordance with the condition requirements, and provide advice of any circumstance/s which they consider is/are affecting the achievement of each outcome. The findings of each assessment must be documented and published on the website within 3 months of the end of the particular period at the end of which the assessment is undertaken and be provided to the Department prior to being published.16/11/202015If, at any time during the period of effect of the approval, the Minister is not satisfied that any of the requirements and/or outcomes under the conditions of approval, including (but not limited to) conditions 10 – 13, have been or are likely to be achieved or maintained, the Minister may require the approval holder to submit a corrective action plan for the Eagle Rock Offset Area for the Minister’s approval, or to monitor, manage, avoid, mitigate, offset, record and/or report on, impacts to the Koala.
a. The Minister may specify a timeframe in which the approval holder must submit the corrective action plan to the Department, and may specify that the corrective action plan must be prepared or reviewed by an independent suitably qualified field ecologist.
b. If the Minister writes to the approval holder stating that he/she considers that the corrective action plan for the development area and/or Eagle Rock Offset Area is not likely to achieve the outcomes required under Conditions 10 – 13, then the approval holder must not commence construction of any ‘stage’ as designated in the Vegetation Clearing Stages Plan, in which it has not already commenced construction, and must not register titles, until such time as the corrective action plan has been approved by the Minister in writing.
c. The approval holder must implement the corrective action plan approved by the Minister in writing.16/11/2020There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

