

Thunderbird Mineral Sands Project, WA











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending033. The approval holder must within twelve months of the date of this approval submit to the Minister for approval an Offset Strategy that will compensate for the residual impacts to the Greater Bilby. The Offset Strategy must be consistent with the principles of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy, and must:
a. provide offsets for 1,961.1 ha of Greater Bilby habitat to be cleared as a result of the action;
b. prioritise land management activities with direct benefit for Greater Bilby habitat over research activities;
c. consistently with relevant approved conservation advice, recovery plans and threat abatement plans and/or regional conservation plans, identify threats to Greater Bilby, and nominate priorities for offset projects that are likely to realise a conservation benefit for Greater Bilby;
d. specify a financial commitment to offset projects based on a rate of at least $2,500 (excluding GST) per hectare of Greater Bilby habitat cleared. The contributions rate must be amended quarterly to match inflation measured through CPI, taking the date of this approval as the starting point for adjustments;
e. specify milestones for Greater Bilby habitat clearing and for expenditure on offset projects, with a staged process for developing and submitting offset projects for approval by the Department;
f. specify the process for reporting on expenditure on offset projects, and conservation outcomes achieved; and
g. outline the circumstances whereby the approval holder may request from the Minister an acquittal of a portion of the area of Greater Bilby habitat specified in Condition 3(a) as a result of implementing rehabilitation activities.
The approval holder must not commence the action until the Minister has approved the Offset Strategy. The approval holder must implement the approved Offset Strategy.27/09/2018044. Offset project proposals submitted for approval in accordance with Condition 3(e) must:
a. specify the location and nature of offset project activities;
b. include project goal/s, budget, and a detailed offset project description, including timeframes for implementing the offset project, and reporting and publishing offset project results;
c. identify and manage all risks (including but not limited to environmental, administrative, financial, and governance risks) associated with implementing the offset project;
d. demonstrate how the offset project is consistent with the Offset Strategy;
e. outline consultations associated with developing the offset project, including the outcomes of those consultations; and
f. outline how the offset project complies with the principles of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy and, if relevant, how the offset project meets the criteria for research and educational programs identified in Appendix A of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy.
The approval holder must not undertake, begin to undertake, or commit to a third party to undertake, an offset project until that offset project has been approved in writing by the Department. The approved offset project must be implemented unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Department27/09/2018There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

