

Proposed expansion of extractive operation, Clarkes Road, Gin Gin, Qld











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending06Environmental offsets - Collared Delma
6. Within 12 months of the commencement of the action, the approval holder must legally secure 60.26 hectares of Collared Delma habitat in the offset area. The offset area must be legally secured for the remaining duration of this approval. The Collared Delma Offset Management Plan approved by the Minister must be attached to the securing mechanism used to legally secure the offset area.11/11/2020077. The approval holder must provide written evidence to the Department that the offset area has been legally secured within 10 business days of legally securing the offset area.11/11/2020088. The approval holder must submit a Collared Delma Offset Management Plan for the Minister’s written approval that details how the offset area will be managed to avoid and mitigate risks to the Collared Delma and improve the quality of Collared Delma habitat. The Collared Delma Offset Management Plan must be prepared by a suitably qualified ecologist in accordance with the Environmental Management Plan Guidelines. The Collared Delma Offset Management Plan must include:

a description and map (including shapefiles) to clearly define the location and boundaries of the offset area, accompanied by the offset attributes;
details and a quantitative analysis of the baseline vegetation condition and habitat quality in the offset area prior to management;
comprehensive baseline data on weeds, feral animals and other threats to the Collared Delma present in the offset area;
a description of the management measures (including timing, frequency and duration) that will be implemented in the offset area to improve the quality of Collared Delma habitat in the offset area, including:

prevention of clearing and alternate land uses;
grazing of no more than eight livestock at any one time;
weed and feral animal management;
fire risk management;


a discussion of how proposed management measures take into account the Approved Conservation Advice for Delma torquata (Collared Delma);
a description and analysis of the potential risks to the successful implementation of the environmental offset, and contingency measures that will be implemented to mitigate against these risks;
time-bound completion criteria and performance targets for evaluating the effectiveness of the implementation of the Collared Delma Offset Management Plan;
triggers for when corrective actions are required and timeframes for implementing corrective actions;
a program to monitor, report on and review the effectiveness of the Collared Delma Offset Management Plan; and
how the environmental offset addresses the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy.30/11/2020099. The approval holder must not commence the action unless the Minister has approved the Collared Delma Offset Management Plan in writing. If the Minister approves the Collared Delma Offset Management Plan, the approved Collared Delma Offset Management Plan must be implemented immediately and for the remaining duration of this approval.11/11/2020There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

