

Mardie Project, 80 km south west of Karratha, WA











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending26To compensate for the residual significant impacts of clearing Pilbara Leaf-nosed Bat supporting habitat, Pilbara Olive Python critical habitat and Northern Quoll supporting habitat, the approval holder must contribute funds to the Pilbara Environmental Offsets Fund (PEOF).12/01/202227In making the contribution to the Pilbara Environmental Offsets Fund, the approval holder must

Comply with condition 13-6 of the WA Approval.
contribute funds towards an offset or offset activity that:

reduces the rate of decline of the Pilbara Leaf-nosed Bat, Pilbara Olive Python, and Northern Quoll;
ensures that viable populations of Pilbara Leaf-nosed Bat, Pilbara Olive Python, and Northern Quoll remain in the Pilbara bioregion;
has specified outcomes and performance indicators; timeframes and milestones for their achievement;
includes sufficient monitoring to detect achievement of performance indicators, milestones and the outcomes; and
requires regular reporting to the approval holder of the outcomes of the monitoring.


not commence the action until the Mardie Project Impact Reconciliation Procedure has been submitted to the Minister for approval. If the Impact Reconciliation Procedure has not been approved by the Minister and in writing, within 6 months of submitting the Impact Reconciliation Procedure to the Minister, the Minister may, at least two months after so notifying the approval holder, approve a version of the Impact Reconciliation Procedure revised by the Department. The approval holder must implement the approved Impact Reconciliation Procedure for the remainder of the life of the project.
the approval holder must provide an upfront payment of 10 per cent of the total contribution to the Pilbara Environmental Offsets Fund as detailed by the approved Impact Reconciliation Procedure, within one month of the Minister approving the IRP, which will contribute towards achieving the outcomes set out in condition 27(b).
Make a payment once every two years, based on evidence of the actual clearing footprint starting from the date of commencement of the action and then for each subsequent 24-month period, to the Pilbara Environmental Offsets Fund that is equivalent to or greater than the value of the following amounts on the date of this approval, by adjustment in accordance with the CPI from the date of this approval decision until the date on which any payment is made, of:

A minimum of $3,306 AUD (excluding GST) per hectare of cleared Pilbara Olive Python critical habitat, up to an allowable clearing limit of 6 hectares, and
A minimum of $1,653 AUD (excluding GST) per hectare of cleared Northern Quoll supporting habitat, up to an allowable clearing limit of 64.5 hectares and of good to excellent quality Pilbara Leaf-nosed Bat supporting habitat, up to an allowable clearing limit of 1,224 hectares.


Submit to the Department evidence of each payment made under conditions 27(c) and 27(d) within 10 business days of the date of the payment.
Include in each annual compliance report to the Department details of progress towards, or achievement of, the outcomes specified under condition 27(b) for the Pilbara Leaf-nosed Bat, Pilbara Olive Python, and Northern Quoll.
Write to the Minister, within 10 business days of being aware or having concerns, that the offset outcomes specified for the Pilbara Environmental Offsets Fund project(s) may not be achieved.
On completion of clearing, submit to the Department a final Impact Reconciliation Report. The Minister may agree to adjust the final year’s payment and notify the approval holder in writing of the adjusted final payment amount based on evidence of the actual clearing footprint provided in the Impact Reconciliation Report.12/01/2022There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

