

Dulacca Renewable Energy Project, Dulacca QLD











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending15To compensate for the clearance of 1.49 ha of Dulacca Woodland Snail habitat, the approval holder must:
a. secure a legal agreement with the landowner to protect at least 3 ha of the Hermitage Property Offset area as described in the Biodiversity Offset Plan (BOP), prior to the commencement of the action. The approval holder must ensure the Hermitage Property Offset area is legally secured within 6 months of the commencement of the action;b. provide the Department with written evidence demonstrating that the Hermitage Property Offset area has been legally secured, and shapefiles of the offset attributes of the Hermitage Property Offset Area, within 20 business days of legally securing the Hermitage Property Offset area; andc. allow grazing on the Hermitage Property Offset area only between the months of April and October in any year if and when grass cover exceeds 60% and 850 kg/ha pasture biomass and only allow low to moderate grazing, for the purposes of fuel reduction. To prevent impacts to regeneration, the approval holder must not allow grazing at any other time.21/08/202016The approval holder must implement the BOP at the Hermitage Property Offset area for the duration of the approval to restore Dulacca Woodland Snail habitat to the BioCondition attribute targets prescribed within the BOP.21/08/202017The approval holder must achieve the following BioCondition attributes across the Hermitage Property Offset area by the end of year 10 and subsequently maintain or exceed these attributes within the benchmark for Regional Ecosystem 11.9.1 for the remainder of the period of effect of the approval:a. average recruitment of dominant canopy species greater than 75% of the benchmark for Regional Ecosystem 11.9.1;b. average native plant species richness at >25% to 90% of the benchmark for Regional Ecosystem 11.9.1;c. tree canopy median height of greater than 40% of the benchmark height (>6 m);
d. average tree canopy cover >50% or ≤200% of the benchmark for Regional Ecosystem 11.9.1;e. average native perennial grass cover at ≥25% or <50% of the benchmark for Regional Ecosystem 11.9.1;f. non-native plants comprise less than 5% of vegetation cover;g. the abundance of non-native species is no greater than baseline levels; andh. species stocking rate of the Dulacca Woodland Snail increased from baseline by 50% of the modelled quality scenario with offset as described in the BOP.21/08/202018The approval holder must engage a suitably qualified ecologist to complete an assessment of the Hermitage Property Offset area within 3 months after the end of each of year 5, year 10, year 15 and year 20. Each assessment must set out the opinion of the suitably qualified ecologist and provide the evidence on which the opinion is based, as to whether the BioCondition attributes specified in the BOP in respect of the particular period (including, for year 10, those required under condition 17) have been achieved and, in respect of subsequent periods, are likely to be achieved. The findings of each assessment must be published on the website within 1 month of completion and provided to the Department within five (5) business days of being published on the website.21/08/202019If any of the BioCondition attributes specified in the BOP and under condition 17 in respect of Year 10 have not been met at the end of Year 10, or the suitably qualified ecologist has advised that any BioCondition attributes required for the subsequent periods is not likely to be achieved by the end of Year 10, the approval holder must, within 6 months of the end of Year 10, submit a revised version of the BOP to the Department for the Minister's approval, revised on the advice of the suitably qualified ecologist and including:a. details of the potential or actual cause(s) of the non-achievement of required BioCondition attributes;b. details of the corrective action/s that the approval holder commits to undertake in order to achieve all outstanding BioCondition attributes;c. an assessment of the likely effectiveness of the proposed corrective action/s;d. proposed timeframes for reporting to the Department the results of implementing of the corrective actions; ande. contingency measures that will be implemented if monitoring suggests that the corrective action/s are not being effective.21/08/202020If a revised version of the BOP has not been approved by the Minister within 12 months of the end of Year 10, the approval holder must cease the action until a revised version of the BOP is approved by the Minister. 
Note: The Department will, within 6 weeks of receiving the revised BOP, provide the approval holder written comments detailing any changes that the Department considers need to be made to the revised BOP before it can recommend approval of the revised BOP to the Minister (or delegate of the Minister).21/08/2020There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

