

Rye Park Wind Farm











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending1010. The BBAMP must be consistent with the department’s Environmental Management Plan Guidelines, and must include:

The environmental objectives of the BBAMP, relevant EPBC Act protected matters and a reference to where each relevant EPBC Act approval condition is addressed in the BBAMP;
A table of commitments made in the BBAMP to achieve the environmental objectives, and a reference to where the commitments are detailed in the BBAMP;
An assessment of risks to achieving the BBAMP environmental objectives and strategies that will be applied to manage risks;
A proposed program of monitoring to detect or reliably estimate all collisions with EPBC Act listed bird and bat species. The approval holder must provide evidence that the proposed methods, frequency and timing of monitoring will provide statistically reliable detection or reliable estimates of all collisions with EPBC Act listed bird and bat species. The monitoring program must specify:

measurable performance indicators;
triggers for corrective actions;
the timing and frequency of monitoring to detect triggers and changes in the performance indicators;
mortality monitoring, including carcass searches, carcass persistence trials and scavenger trials methodologies;
proposed corrective actions if triggers are reached, including, but not limited to, ceasing operation of specific wind turbines;


Measures, and their timing, to avoid and mitigate impacts, including, but not limited to:

measures to minimise impacts associated with lighting (such as preventing the attraction of EPBC Act listed bird and bat species to locations with high risk of collision with turbines);
measures to minimise the risks to EPBC Act listed bird and bat species from turbine strike (such as bird and insect deterrents, low wind speed curtailment, ceasing operation of specific wind turbines during specific times, and/or permanent decommissioning of specific turbines); and
procedures for dealing with any EPBC Act listed bird and bat species that require relocation or are injured within the project area;


How the effectiveness of mitigation measures will be monitored and analysed, and decisions made regarding adaptive measures to achieve the environmental objectives of the BBAMP;
Reporting and review mechanisms, and documentation standards to demonstrate compliance with the BBAMP. This must include how monitoring data and analysis of monitoring results will be reported and published, and a procedure for reporting the death or injury of any EPBC Act listed bird and bat species to the department;
A proposal for how any residual significant impact to an EPBC Act listed bird and bat species will be offset by the approval holder in accordance with the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy.1/06/20211313. To compensate for impacts to protected matters, prior to commencement of the action, the approval holder must submit an Offset Strategy for approval by the Minister.1/06/20211414. The Offset Strategy must be prepared by a suitably qualified expert(s), and must:

based on the areas of habitat for protected matters, including HBTs, to be impacted in the final layout, propose offsets to compensate for impacts to:

Box Gum Woodland;
Superb Parrot habitat, including HBTs;
Golden Sun Moth habitat; and
Striped Legless Lizard habitat



in accordance with clauses 6.2 and 6.6A of the Biodiversity Conservation Regulation 2017 (NSW); and
b. provide the Biodiversity Assessment Method credit calculations used to determine the required number of like-for-like biodiversity credits to be retired to compensate for impacts to protected                matters.1/06/20211515. Prior to the commencement of operation, the approval holder must submit to the Minister detailed plans of the completed layout. If impacts to protected matters from the completed layout are more than those proposed in the final layout, the approval holder must submit, for approval by the Minister, a version of the Offset Strategy revised to compensate for impacts to protected matters from the action. The approval holder must not commence operation unless the Minister has either confirmed that the completed layout has not increased impacts relative to the final layout or approved the revised Offset Strategy in writing.1/06/20211616. The approval holder must retire the like-for-like biodiversity credits, as required in the approved Offset Strategy or, if a revision of the Offset Strategy is required in accordance with condition 15, the approved revised Offset Strategy, within two (2) years of the commencement of the action, and prior to the commencement of operation.1/06/20211717. Within 20 business days of completing the requirements of condition 16, the approval holder must provide the department with evidence of when and how the like-for-like biodiversity credits were retired.1/06/2021There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

