

Coal Terminal Expansion, and Associated Infrastructure











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions











Offset Name








Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending34Biodiversity Offset Strategy 
34. Prior to commencing any project activity, the person taking the action must prepare a Biodiversity Offset Strategy to ensure better protection of EPBC listed threatened species and communities as listed in condition 40.4/10/20123535.	The Biodiversity Offset Strategy will aim to compensate for any authorised unavoidable impacts on MNES listed in condition 40 as provided by these conditions and as confirmed by the pre-clearance survey requirements in condition 3. The Biodiversity Offset Strategy must be submitted for approval by the Minister within 12 months of approval of the pre-clearance surveys.4/10/20123636.	The Biodiversity Offset Strategy must identify offsets to be secured by the proponent to be managed for environmental gain and protected by covenant until 2073. 4/10/20123737.	If land cannot be secured, the person taking the action must provide other measures to the Minister for written approval as an addition or alternative to Condition 36.4/10/20123838. The Biodiversity Offset Strategy must reference the MMF to ensure consistency in the management approach in order to maximise the ongoing protection and long term conservation of World Heritage properties, National Heritage places, listed threatened species and communities, listed migratory species and Commonwealth marine areas.4/10/20123939.	The Biodiversity Offset Strategy must be developed in accordance with EPBC Act Environmental Offset Policy.4/10/20124040. Offsets must be provided for disturbance impacts (including residual indirect impacts such as edge effects):

to habitat identified in pre-clearance surveys of vegetation which meets the definition of the endangered ecological community Semi-evergreen vine thicket of the Brigalow belt and Nandewar Bioregions;
to areas of the Caley Valley Wetland identified in pre-clearance surveys;
to areas of seagrass identified in pre-clearance surveys; and
to MNES identified and confirmed as part of pre-clearance surveys not listed in (a) to (c).4/10/20124141. As part of the Biodiversity Offsets Strategy, the person taking the action must include a Seagrass Offset Plan. The Seagrass Offset Plan:

must ensure disturbance limits do not exceed that identified in Table 1 and Table 2 and confirmed during pre-clearance surveys undertaken as required in Condition 3 within the project area for the life of this approval;
identify mechanisms/opportunities for the ongoing protection and conservation of seagrass habitat that supports listed threatened species and migratory species, including inshore dolphins, marine turtles and dugongs within the Coral Sea Region, Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area including the Port of Abbot Point; and
identify mechanisms in order to achieve the outcomes of this condition with the Queensland Government.4/10/20124242. Offsets must be a minimum of 8:1 noting that the specific requirement will depend on:

the proposed improvement in quality of the offset site;
the averted loss achieved by securing the site; and
risks associated with the proposed offset activity.4/10/20124343.	Offsets must be agreed in writing by the Minister before any project activity can commence. 4/10/2012There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading...

<
1
2
>

 Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

