

Extension of Flagstaff Quarry











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending044. To compensate for the loss of 8.5 hectares of Swift Parrot habitat, the person taking the action must ensure that the area identified as the protected land at Annexure 1 is protected in perpetuity through the execution of a conservation covenant establishing the land as a perpetual private nature reserve under the Tasmanian Nature Conservation Act 2002.7/11/2011055. Evidence of lodgement of the covenant referred to in Condition 4 must be provided to the department within 30 days of the date of this approval and be registered on the title documents of the protected land title within 24 months from the date of this approval. A copy of the approved and signed covenant must be provided to the department within 7 days of approval under the Tasmanian Nature Conservation Act 2002. The covenant must include;

a provision that ensures, once approved, the covenant cannot be altered, amended, varied or discharged without the approval of the Minister;
a provision that makes clear that the covenant is to protect natural values of the protected land including, but not limited to, habitat of the Swift Parrot; and
Provisions that protect the natural values of the protected land including habitat of the Swift Parrot and that prevent the exploration for and removal of natural resources including but not limited to mineral resources.7/11/201106
6.	Spatial information relating to the protected land referred to in condition 4 must be provided to the department within 30 days of the date of this approval and include a map, list of coordinates and shapefiles that clearly define the location and boundaries of the protected land. 
a.	Spatial information must be confirmed or if required updated at the time the approved covenant referred to at Condition 4 is provided to the department. 
7/11/2011077. Within 12 months of the date of this approval, a Nature Conservation Plan for the protected land, to remain valid for a minimum period of 10 years from the commencement date of the conservation covenant referred to in Condition 4, must be completed by the person taking the action and submitted to the department. The Nature Conservation Plan must:

Provide for the conservation and enhancement of Swift Parrot habitat on the protected land and include specific measures to:

maintain and enhance Swift Parrot habitat;
control, diseases, weed species and pest animals;
control access to the protected land; and
prevent actions or activities that would adversely impact on Swift Parrot habitat.


Include provisions that outline objectives and methods for a monitoring program of Swift Parrot habitat condition and utilisation, including breeding success within the protected land. The monitoring program must be implemented for a minimum of 5 years and include;

measures to ensure the monitoring program is consistent with other Swift Parrot monitoring programs run by the Tasmanian Government or Recovery Team for this species at the time of this approval;
measures to ensure that sufficient information is collected to determine if the approved action adversely impacts on the utilisation of the protected land by the species, specifically by determining if the number of nests utilised by the species increases, remains stable or declines;
measures to ensure the monitoring program contains sufficient information to allow any decline in the utilisation of nests within the protected land to be measured independently of broader population trends; and
the results of the monitoring program must be interpreted against the stated objectives referred to in Condition 7b by an appropriately qualified person, be published on the person taking the actions website and reported to the department within 30 days of each annual monitoring survey.


Include provisions and measures to ensure that actions taken to conserve, manage and protect Swift Parrot habitat have no detrimental impact on the habitat and populations of other listed threatened species that occur within the protected land.
Include corrective actions and contingency measures to be implemented where the monitoring program of the protected land under the Nature Conservation Plan indicates a degradation of Swift Parrot habitat.
The Nature Conservation Plan must be approved by the Minister.7/11/2011088. The approved Nature Conservation Plan must be implemented7/11/2011099. If the monitoring program identified in Condition 7b identifies an independent decline in the utilisation of nests located within the protected land by the Swift Parrot it must be reported to the department within 30 days. The person taking the action must provide an additional offset package within 6 months of reporting the independent decline to the department. The offset package must include;

the protection in perpetuity of an area of Swift Parrot Habitat within the Meehan Range equal to or greater in size than the protected land;
evidence that the additional Swift Parrot Habitat is of no lesser quality than that contained within the protected land;
a management plan containing the measures referred to in Conditions 7a, 7c 7e; and
the additional offset package must be approved by the Minister.7/11/20111010. If ownership and/or management of the protected land are to be transferred to another party, the person taking the action must provide the department with evidence that the other party has agreed to assume all the management responsibilities in accordance with the Nature Conservation Plan and the conditions of this approval prior to any transfer occurring. The Minister must approve this transfer.7/11/20111212. The person taking the action must maintain accurate records substantiating all activities associated with or relevant to the conditions of approval, including measures taken to implement the Covenant referred to in Condition 4 and Nature Conservation Plan referred to in Condition 7 and make them available upon request to the department. Such records may be subject to audit by the department or an independent auditor in accordance with section 458 of the EPBC Act, or used to verify compliance with the conditions of approval. Summaries of audits will be posted on the department's website. The results of audits may also be publicised through the general media.7/11/2011There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

