

Residential Development Craigieburn











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending22. The person taking the action must submit for the Ministers approval a Conservation Management Plan to manage and protect Golden Sun Moth, River Swamp Wallaby-grass, Growling Grass Frog and Matted Flax-lily habitat at Highlands Craigieburn. The plan must identify measures: (a) to manage a minimum of 44 ha of core habitat for the Golden Sun Moth within the conservation Reserves (Annexure A) at Highlands Craigieburn; (b) to mitigate impacts on core habitat for the Golden Sun Moth during construction, in particular, the person taking the action must: (i) establish No-go zones in areas of identified core habitat to be retained (Annexure A), including use of fencing and signage; (ii) implement and maintain sediment control protocols; (iii) ensure that all pathways sealed and unsealed are placed outside of core habitat areas; and (iv) induct construction workers and contractors about requirements to protect core Golden Sun Moth habitat. (c) to protect the nine (9) existing populations of River Swamp Wallaby-grass, in particular the person taking the action must: (i) determine whether previous translocations at Aitken Creek South and other relevant translocation programmes for this species are successful, prior to undertaking any subsequent translocations; (ii) If proven successful, future translocation must be in accord with the proven methodology (iii) monitor and protect the viability of the identified nine populations of the species; and (iv) implement weed management protocols. (d) to protect existing populations of Growling Grass Frog, in particular the person taking the action must: (i) ensure that no impacts occur downstream on existing populations as a result of impacts from wetland treatment sites (shown on Annexure B); (ii) implement management protocols to ensure habitat for Growling Grass Frog on wetland treatment sites is maintained; (iii) monitor for Growling Grass Frog populations to determine the success of management or the need for intervention, (iv) include the establishment of thresholds that ifreached would require intervention measures (v) identify what further management measures must be implemented when threshold is reached. (e) to protect the Matted Flax-lily, the person taking the action must; (i) ensure that all pathways, sealed and unsealed are placed outside of GSM core habitat areas; (ii) undertake weed management; (iii) must inform the Minister in the event of locating additional plants prior to removal or translocation The person taking the action must submit the Conservation Management Plan prior to 30 December 2009. Construction cannot continue beyond that date until the Conservation Management Plan has been submitted, the Minister has approved the Conservation Management Plan and the Conservation Management Plan is implemented.3/09/200933. The person taking the action must submit for the Minister's approval an Offset Strategy to offset impacts resulting from the loss of 30.8ha of core Golden Sun Moth habitat. The Offset Strategy must:

require the purchase and management of 250ha of Natural Temperate Grassland to conserve potential habitat for the Golden Sun Moth in perpetuity. This land is to be located within a 150km radius of the Highlands Craigieburn site;
require evidence to be provided to the Department to confirm the purchase of the site;
monitor and enhance potential habitat for the Golden Sun Moth on the purchased land;
require the purchase of the land with potential habitat for the Golden Sun Moth is within the Victorian Volcanic Plain bioregion.

The person taking the action must submit the Offset Strategy prior to 30 July 2011.24/06/201144. An offset of 250ha of land of potential habitat for the Golden Sun Moth must be purchased before 30 July 2011 as required under condition 3.
Construction cannot continue beyond this date until the offset has been purchased.24/06/2011There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

