

Queensland Curtis LNG Project - Pipeline Network











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions











Offset Name








Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending2323. To offset unavoidable impacts to the Cycas megacarpa from all activities associated with this approval, the proponent must:

within 51 months of commencement, secure an area of at least 18 ha as an offset for receiving no less than 1,104 translocated and/or propagated individuals;
identify alternative recruitment methods if it is considered unlikely that translocation and propagation will be successful;
notify the Department in writing of the acquisition or transfer of ownership of the area identified in condition 23(a) within one month of securing the land;
if the proponent proposes any action within a proposed offset area, other than actions related to managing that area as an offset property, approval must be obtained, in writing from the Department. In seeking Departmental approval the proponent must provide a detailed assessment of the proposed action including a map identifying where the action is proposed to take place and an assessment of all associated adverse impact on MNES. If the Department agrees to the action within the proposed offset site, the area identified for the action must be excised from the proposed offset and alternative offsets secured of equal or greater environmental value in relation to the impacted MNES; and
demonstrate that the measures for securing and managing the offset will ensure that the offset is protected in perpetuity.22/01/201524Cycas megacarpa Management Plan 
24. The proponent must prepare a Cycas megacarpa Management Plan in consultation with an expert approved by the Department in writing.22/10/20102525. The Cycas megacarpa Management Plan must include:

measures to ensure all Cycas megacarpa within the ROW are avoided using, for example suitable trenchless technique(s) as necessary or, if avoidance is not possible, individual plants must be removed and kept offsite and replanted in the same location, or alternatively translocated. Where it can be demonstrated that removal and translocation of individuals is unlikely to succeed, translocation may be substituted by establishing propagated individuals;
measures to propagate and plant Cycas megacarpa individuals removed or impacted by construction activities to maintain a population of no less than 1104 individuals within the offset site required by condition 23(a);
a detailed methodology for translocation, propagation and planting, including a map of the location of the offset site;
details of funding required to secure, maintain and enhance the values of the offset site in perpetuity;
details of a suitably qualified person to undertake translocation, propagation and planting;
details of the erosion and sediment control measures to be implemented in the ROW in the Callide and Calliope Ranges;
measures to rehabilitate the ROW in the Callide and Calliope Ranges;
measures for the control and management of weeds, fire, feral animals, access and grazing in translocation sites;
measures for the management, maintenance and protection of the population of Cycas megacarpa individuals in the offset site for a period of five years following final planting;
details of monitoring practices to assess the success of proposed management regimes of the offset;
performance measures, reporting requirements, trigger levels for corrective actions and identification of those actions to be taken to ensure performance measures are met; and
a reconciliation statement of impacts against the agreed limit of disturbance, as defined above in condition 11 must be updated by the proponent every 12 months from commencement until construction is complete.22/10/20102626. The Cycas megacarpa Management Plan must be submitted for the approval of the Minister. Commencement in the location covered by the management plan must not occur without approval. The approved plan must be implemented.22/10/20102727.	To avoid doubt, a single offset management plan can be submitted to meet all offset management plan requirements.



22/10/2010There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

