

Cattle Hill Wind Farm











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending1616. No less than 6 months prior to the expected commissioning of the wind farm, submit to the Minister for approval, a plan to conduct or fund research to inform the long term conservation of the wedge-tailed eagle for example, funding research, nest productivity monitoring and mortality rates. The wind farm must not be commissioned until the plan is approved and implemented. The research plan must include but not be limited to:

a detailed outline of proposed research activities to be undertaken or funded including, aims, methods, effort, milestones, key deliverables, reporting style, publication format and location and public accessibility of completed research;
a demonstration that proposed research is consistent with published recovery objectives and will inform the long term management and conservation of the species;
an outline of how research will be conducted in a manner which compliments or is collaborative with other research being undertaken by species experts, government, research and educational bodies;
a breakdown of research components to be funded in annual $75000 equivalent increments;
funding arrangements and responsibilities;
the qualifications and experience of persons undertaking the research or minimum qualifications and experiences required of persons proposed to undertake research;
how research will be published and made publically available within the life of the plan; and
a peer review conducted by a suitably qualified expert demonstrating that the proposed research plan is consistent with the objectives at condition 16(b) and (c) and is achievable within identified timeframes and resources

Note 1: The Minister may determine that a plan, strategy or program approved by the Tasmanian Government in accordance with EPA conditions FF5, FF6, FF13, FF14 and FF15 satisfies the requirements for the Plan required under conditions 16 and 17.10/05/20171717. Commence the implementation of the approved research plan prior to the commissioning of the wind farm. The person taking the action must ensure that no less than $75 000 equivalent in funding is expended annually on implementing the research plan, with the first $75 000 equivalent committed prior to commissioning of the wind farm.15/12/20141818. On each fifth anniversary of the approval of the research plan, or at the direction of the Minister, the person taking the action must engage a suitably qualified expert to review the effectiveness and relevance of the research plan required by condition 16. Within 90 days of each five year anniversary, the person taking the action must provide a report to the Minister outlining any recommendations and alternative measures to offset impacts to the wedge-tailed eagle. The Minister may require the person taking the action to implement the recommendations and alternative offsetting arrangements.15/12/20141919. For each actual wedge-tailed eagle mortality or injured wedge-tailed eagle that cannot be re-released into the wild, occurring above 2 actual mortalities or injured wedge-tailed eagles that cannot be re-released in to the wild in any calendar year, fund a raptor or wildlife centre to rehabilitate an injured or sick wedge-tailed eagle and re-release that wedge-tailed eagle into the wild at an ecologically suitable location to the satisfaction of a suitably qualified expert. If no wedge-tailed eagle can be rehabilitated for re-release into the wild, an extra $25 000 equivalent per mortality or injury must be expended towards the implementation of the research required by conditions 16 and 17 in that calendar year.
Note 2: The Minister may determine that satisfaction of Tasmanian EPA condition FF15 - 3.3 satisfies the requirements of this condition.10/05/201720The person taking the action:
20. May, if it can be demonstrated that after 10 years of operation, that the wind farm is not impacting the wedge-tailed eagle, request approval from the Minister to cease implementing conditions 11(if required) and 17.15/12/20142424. If during construction and/or pre-construction activities a previously unrecorded threatened species is encountered, the person taking the action must immediately cease activities at the affected area. A report must be submitted to the Department that includes population characteristics, proposed avoidance and mitigation measures and, where applicable, proposed offsets to compensate for unavoidable impacts. Activities in that area can only recommence when directed to in writing by the Department.25/01/2018There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

