

Urban Development, Comprising 806 Lots of Conventional & Medium Density Housing











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending011. To compensate for the loss of 6 hectares of native vegetation that provides habitat for the listed threatened species Golden Sun Moth (Synemon plana) at the 220 Harvest Home Road and 219 Epping Road development site, the person taking the action must provide an offset package. The offset package must include the protection in perpetuity of an area of land ('the protected land'), which must contain known Golden Sun Moth habitat.
The offset package must be approved by the Minister. In approving any proposed offset package, consideration will be given to:

the quality of Golden Sun Moth habitat on protected land;
the extent of Golden Sun Moth habitat and native vegetation on the protected land;
proximity of the protected land to existing grassland reserves; and
distance of the protected land from the development site.17/11/2009022. The person taking the action must enter into a written agreement with Trust for Nature ('the agreement') to identify potential sites to form the basis of the offset package (as required under Condition 1) and to secure the protection in perpetuity of the protected land.
The person taking the action must provide a sum of $1,000,000 ('the funds') to Trust for Nature to be held until such time as the protected land is identified and the offset package approved, at which time the money will form the basis of the payment to purchase environmental services from the owner of the protected land. If the cost of purchasing the environmental services is greater than $1,000,000, the person taking the action will provide additional funds to Trust for Nature as required. If the cost of purchasing the environmental services is less than $1,000,000, the funds will be returned to the person taking the action. The arrangements for the provision and expenditure of the funds must be set out in the agreement.
A draft copy of the agreement must be provided to the Department for approval prior to its signing by all parties.
A copy of the agreement must be provided to the Department within 7 days of its signature by all parties.17/11/2009033. The person taking the action must:

Within 18 months of the date of this approval, secure the tenure of the protected land by co-signing with Trust for Nature and the protected land owner/s a Credit Trading Agreement. The Department must be provided with a copy of the signed Credit Trading Agreement within 2 weeks of its signature by all parties.
Within 6 months of the date of signing the Credit Trading Agreement, ensure that a Deed of Covenant for the protected land is executed with Trust for Nature and is registered on the title documents of the protected land. The Department must be provided with a copy of the signed Deed of Covenant within 2 weeks of its signature by all parties.
Ensure that the property is managed in perpetuity in accordance with a Trust for Nature Covenant Management Plan or through incorporation into an existing grassland reserve following the conclusion of the 10 year Offset Management Plan for the protected land (as required under Condition 5). The Covenant Management Plan must be approved by the Minister prior to the conclusion of the Offset Management Plan.17/11/2009044. Within 12 months of the date of signing the Credit Trading Agreement, the person taking the action must ensure that a baseline survey of Golden Sun Moth on the protected land is conducted. The baseline survey must:

Be conducted by a suitably qualified ecologist. This person must be approved by the Department.
Be undertaken during appropriate conditions, within the flying season for Golden Sun Moth (late October to early January) and in accordance with the Department's Golden Sun Moth survey guidelines.

The results of the baseline survey must be provided to the Department within two months of the completion of the survey.17/11/2009055. Prior to entering into the Credit Trading Agreement (as required under Condition 3), an Offset Management Plan for the protected land, to remain valid for a period of 10 years from the commencement date of the Deed of Covenant, must be completed by the person taking the action, endorsed by the land owner/s and submitted to the Department. The final Offset Management Plan must:

Provide for the conservation and enhancement of Golden Sun Moth habitat and populations on the protected land and include measures to:

rehabilitate and maintain Golden Sun Moth habitat;
control weed species and pest animals;
control access to the protected land;
prohibit grazing activities;
monitor the status of Golden Sun Moth populations and condition of Golden Sun Moth habitat; and
report the results and frequency of monitoring and management activities to the Minister.


Include provisions and measures to ensure that actions taken to conserve, manage and protect Golden Sun Moth populations and habitat have no detrimental impact on the habitat and populations of other listed threatened species and ecological communities that are identified in the Offset Management Plan as occurring on the protected land.
Include corrective actions and contingency measures to be implemented (including the timing of implementation of these) where monitoring of the protected land under the Offset Management Plan indicates a decrease in the population of Golden Sun Moth or degradation of Golden Sun Moth habitat.
Incorporate the results from the baseline survey.

The Offset Management Plan must be approved by the Minister. The approved Offset Management Plan must be implemented.17/11/2009There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

