

Construct and operate 447km high pressure gas transmission pipeline











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending15Offsets
Cycas megacarpa
15. To offset the unavoidable impacts to Cycas megacarpa the proponent must:

legally protect the environmental values of an area of at least 141 ha as an offset (the "offset area") for receiving no less than 1,800 and up to 2,820 translocated and propagated individuals (based on a 1:6 ratio of the number of Cycas megacarpa individuals disturbed) by:

within 44 months of the date of this approval:

implementing measures to secure a legal interest in a suitable offset area;
implementing measures to maintain and improve the ecological condition of the offset area including control and management of weeds, fire, feral animals, access and grazing; and
implementing measures to protect the existing Cycas megacarpa population within the offset area; and


within 56 months of the date of this approval, securing the offset area to ensure that it is protected in perpetuity;


identify alternative recruitment methods if it is considered unlikely that translocation and propagation will be successful;
notify the Department in writing of the acquisition or transfer of ownership of the area identified in condition 15(a) within one month of securing the land;
if the proponent proposes any action within a proposed offset area, other than actions related to managing that area as an offset property, approval must be obtained, in writing from the Department. In seeking Departmental approval the proponent must provide a detailed assessment of the proposed action including a map identifying where the action is proposed to take place and an assessment of all associated adverse impacts on MNES. If the Department agrees to the action within the proposed offset site, the area identified for the action must be excised from the proposed offset and alternative offsets secured of equal or greater environmental value in relation to the impacted MNES;
demonstrate that the measures for securing and managing the offset will ensure that the offset is protected in perpetuity.30/04/201416Cycas megacarpa Management Plan 
16. The proponent must prepare a Cycas megacarpa Management Plan in consultation with an expert approved by the Department in writing.21/02/20111717. The Cycas megacarpa Management Plan must include:

measures to ensure all Cycas megacarpa within the ROW are avoided. If avoidance is not possible, individual plants must be removed and kept offsite and replanted in the same location, or alternatively translocated. Where it can be demonstrated that removal and translocation of individuals is unlikely to succeed, translocation may be substituted by establishing propagated individuals;
measures to propagate and plant Cycas megacarpa individuals removed or impacted by construction activities to maintain a population of no less than 1,800 individuals and up to 2,820 individuals (based on a 1:6 ratio of the number of Cycas megacarpa individuals disturbed) within the offset site required by Condition 15(a);
a detailed methodology for translocation, propagation, and planting, including a map of the location of the offset site;
details of funding required to secure, maintain and enhance the values of the offset site in perpetuity;
details of a suitably qualified person to undertake translocation, propagation and planting;
details of the erosion and sediment control measures to be implemented in the ROW in the Callide and Calliope Ranges;
measures to rehabilitate the ROW in the Callide and Calliope Ranges;
measures for the control and management of weeds, fire, feral animals, access and grazing in translocation sites;
measures for the management, maintenance and protection of the population of Cycas megacarpa individuals in the offset site for a period of five years following final planting;
details of monitoring practices to assess the success of proposed management regimes of the offset;
performance measures, reporting requirements, trigger levels for corrective actions and identification of those actions to be taken to ensure performance measures are met.30/08/20121818. The Cycas megacarpa Management Plan must be submitted for the approval of the Minister. Commencement in the location covered by the management plan must not occur without approval. The approved plan must be implemented.21/02/2011There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

