

Foxleigh Coal Mine Extension











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending04Offsets
Offset Management Plan
To compensate for authorised unavoidable impacts on protected matters (see condition 3), the approval holder must submit an Offset Management Plan for the offset areas to address the disturbance permitted under condition 3 to the Minister for approval. The approval holder must not impact upon protected matters (including where shown and as annotated on the map at Attachment B) until the Minister has approved the Offset Management Plan in writing. The approved Offset Management Plan must be implemented.30/09/202104AThe approval holder may, at any time, apply to the Minister for a variation to the Offset Management Plan approved by the Minister under condition 4, or as subsequently revised in accordance with these conditions, by submitting an application in accordance with the requirements of section 143A of the EPBC Act. If the Minister approves a revised Offset Management Plan then, from the date specified, the approval holder must implement the approved revised Offset Management Plan in place of the previous Offset Management Plan.30/09/202105The Offset Management Plan must be consistent with the Department’s Environmental Offsets Policy, and must include the following:

A summary of the residual impacts to protected matters that will be compensated for by the offset/s. This summary must include the area(s) of habitat for protected matters and its condition and quality at all impact sites which the offset/s are to address.
Detailed survey methodologies for determining baseline conditions of the protected matters at each offset site.
The environmental objectives, relevant to the protected matters, and a reference to the EPBC Act approval conditions and other applicable conditions of approval (including State approval conditions), if any, to which the Offset Management Plan refers.
A table of commitments made in the Offset Management Plan to achieve the environmental objectives, and a reference to where the commitments are detailed in the Offset Management Plan.
Reporting and review mechanisms, and documentation standards to demonstrate compliance with management and environmental commitments in the Offset Management Plan.
An assessment of risks to achieving environmental objectives and risk management strategies that will be applied.
Impact avoidance, mitigation and/or repair measures, and their timing.
A monitoring program, which must include:

measurable performance indicators to monitor attainment of the offset completion criteria;
trigger values for corrective actions; and
the timing and frequency of monitoring to detect trigger values and changes in the performance indicators;


proposed corrective actions, if trigger values are reached or performance indicators not attained.30/09/202106Mechanism to secure offsets
The approval holder must, by 30 June 2022 or as otherwise agreed by the Minister in writing, register a legally binding conservation mechanism to provide protection in perpetuity over the offset areas specified in the Offset Management Plan approved by the Minister in accordance with condition 4 or 4A.30/09/2021There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

