

Duralie Coal Extension Project











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending13Offset Measures
13. Within 12 months of the commencement of the action the proponent must permanently protect and secure an offset area to compensate for the approved disturbance relating to MNES within the project area. This offset area must include:

a minimum of 1.5 kilometres (in streamside length) of known or suitable Giant Barred Frog habitat (including a minimum width of 80 metres on either side of stream or river edges); and,
177 ha of Swift Parrot habitat.

Note: For clarity, offset areas to be provided to meet the requirements of the NSW Government, which meet all of the requirements of this approval, will be adequate for the purpose of these conditions.22/12/20101414. To offset the impacts on the habitat of the Giant Barred Frog and Swift Parrot, the person taking the action must, by December 2011, obtain the Minister's approval of an Offset Management Plan. This plan must include:

the desired outcomes/objectives of implementing the plan;
details of the offset area, clearly defining the location and boundaries of the offset area, through maps and / or textual descriptions as well as an accompanying shapefile; 
a detailed description of the Swift Parrot and Giant Barred Frog habitats in the offset area;
management actions to protect and enhance the Swift Parrot habitat, for example, weed control and fire management measures;
management actions to protect and enhance the Giant Barred Frog habitat including implementing a buffer zone approximately 60m from the creekline along areas of the MJR and relevant tributaries; appropriate fencing of the riparian corridor; weed control; rehabilitation and enhancement of degraded riparian zone vegetation; and establishment of riparian vegetation in cleared areas alongside the MJR and relevant tributaries to improve habitat connectivity;
a monitoring plan including the undertaking of ecological surveys to assess the success of the management measures against identified milestones and objectives;
performance measures and reporting requirements against identified objectives, including trigger levels for corrective actions, and actions to be taken to ensure performance measures and objectives are met;
a process to report to the Department the offset area management actions undertaken and the outcome of those actions, identifying any need for improved management.
For the five years after the commencement of operations, reports are to be submitted annually on or before the anniversary of the commencement of operations. Subsequently reports are to be submitted every fifth year on or before the anniversary of the commencement of operations;
a description of the potential risks to successful management and rehabilitation in the offset areas, and a description of the contingency measures that would be implemented to mitigate these risks; and,
details of parties responsible for monitoring, reviewing and implementing the plan.

Note: the monitoring plan for offset areas required in Condition 13. f) above and the monitoring plan for the Giant Barred Frog required in Condition 7. c) may be combined where appropriate.22/12/20101515.	The approved Offset Management Plan must be implemented. Any changes to the Offset Management Plan must be approved by the Minister and approved variations to the Plan must be implemented. This report may be made publicly available on the internet by the Department22/12/20101616. Within one year of the commencement of the action, the person taking the action must demonstrate in writing to the satisfaction of the Minister that a conservation covenant or similar instrument has been registered on the title/s of land containing the offset area required in Condition 12. This must provide for the protection of this offset area in perpetuity, through one of the following means:

a Conservation Agreement under s 69 of the National Parks and Wildlife Act 1974 (NSW),
placing a restrictive or public positive covenant over the offset land under s.88B-E of the Conveyancing Act 1919 (NSW), or
a Planning Agreement under s 93F(1) of the Environmental Planning and Assessment Act 1979 (NSW).

Note: to avoid doubt, the proponent may develop single plans to align with the requirements of the NSW Government and of this approval, where there are species or ecological communities covered by both NSW Government requirements and this approval.22/12/2010There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

