

Werris Creek Life of Mine Extension Project











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending01To offset the impact to the White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely’s Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland Ecological Community and foraging habitats of the Regent Honeyeater and Swift Parrot the person taking the action must register a legally binding conservation mechanism over the Werris Creek Life of Mine (LOM) Extension Project Biodiversity Offset Strategy (BOS) sites identified in the map at Appendix 1 and an additional area of at least 74 hectares of White Box-Yellow Box Blakely’s Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland Ecological community (together, the Offset Areas). The mechanism/s must provide enduring projection for the offset area and unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Minister must be registered by 31 December 2018.

Written notification of registration must be provided to the Department within 2 weeks of registration of the offset area.8/12/2017022. To offset the impacts to the White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland Ecological Community, Regent Honeyeater and Swift Parrot, the person taking the action must submit to the Minister for approval an Offset Management Plan for all of the Offset Areas within 12 months of the date of this approval. The Offset Management Plan must be implemented.
The Offset Management Plan must include, at a minimum, the following information:

a textual description and map to clearly define the location and boundaries of all of the Offset Areas). This must be accompanied with the offset attributes and a shapefile.
details of management actions to protect and enhance the extent and condition of habitat values of the offset areas including but not limited to rehabilitation, weed control, fire management, erosion and sediment control, management of livestock and restrictions on access of no less than:

310.2 hectares of habitat for the Regent Honeyeater and Swift Parrot; and
731 hectares of White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland Ecological Community;


the timing, responsibilities and performance criteria for management actions;
a monitoring plan including the undertaking of ecological surveys by a qualified ecologist to assess the success of the management actions against identified milestones and objectives;
a process to report, to the department, the management actions undertaken in the offset areas and the outcome of those actions, including identifying any need for improved management;
a description of the potential risks to successful management and rehabilitation in the offset areas, and a description of the contingency measures that would be implemented to mitigate these risks; and
details of parties responsible for management, monitoring and implementing the plan, including their position or status as a separate contractor.

Note: For clarity, the offset areas specified in condition 2 can accommodate offset requirements for more than one species habitat within the one area, if suitable habitat is verified as present and includes specific habitat requirements for the relevant species.21/12/2011There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

