

Sapphire Wind Farm, NSW











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending011. The person taking the action must provide The Minister with a Construction Flora and Fauna Management Plan. The Construction Flora and Fauna Management Plan must:

meet the requirements of Conditions E21 and E22(f) of the NSW Minister for Planning and Environment's approval of the proposed action, and
include an analysis of the impacts on Regent Honeyeater and Swift Parrot and how these impacts will be managed (including relocation and micro-siting).

Commencement of construction may not occur until the Construction Flora and Fauna Management Plan has been approved by The Minister.21/06/2016022. Prior to the commencement of construction, the approval holder must provide for The Minister's approval a Biodiversity Offset Package (Package) to protect White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community (BGW), and habitat for the Regent Honeyeater, Swift Parrot and Border Thick-tailed Gecko. The Package must:

Outline the purpose of the Package;
Include map/s that clearly depict BGW, Border Thick-tailed Gecko, Regent Honeyeater and Swift Parrot habitat in the offset sites;
Describe how the offset sites will be legally secured and managed to ensure the enduring value of the offset; and
Provide for the protection of offset sites containing at least:

i. 260 hectares of BGW at Offset Site A (Annexure A) within 18 months of the commencement of construction;
ii. 165 hectares of habitat for the Border Thick-tailed Gecko at Offset Site B (Annexure A), or alternate offset sites for the Border Thick-tailed Gecko agreed in writing by The Minister, within five years of the commencement of operation; and
iii. 725 hectares of habitat for the Regent Honeyeater and Swift Parrot at Offset Sites A and B (Annexure A), or alternate offset sites for the Regent Honeyeater and Swift Parrot agreed in writing by The Minister, within five years of the commencement of operation.
Where an area of habitat is deemed suitable to meet the offset requirements of more than one species or community, the area of habitat may count towards the offset requirements for each species or community.4/03/201802A2A. The approval holder must legally secure Offset Sites A and B (or alternate offset sites agreed in writing by The Minister) in accordance with the approved Package. Evidence of the legal securing of the offset must be provided to The Department within one month of the offset sites being secured, including associated GPS coordinates and shapefiles.21/06/201603A3A. If, in accordance with the Package, an offset site is to be legally secured under the NSW Biodiversity Banking and Offsets Scheme, the management plan developed under the NSW Biodiversity Banking Agreement for that offset site is an Offset Management Plan for the purposes of Condition 3.21/06/2016044. To compensate for impacts on habitat for the Regent Honeyeater and Swift Parrot, the approval holder must contribute no less than $250,000 (GST exclusive) in funding towards research by an appropriate institution, to assist in building the body of knowledge regarding how these species interact with, and are impacted by, wind farms.
This sum may be donated in five increments of at least $50,000 to be paid annually, commencing on operation of the action and thereafter on each anniversary of this date until up until the fourth anniversary, with evidence of payment provided to The Department within 30 days of each payment being made. An alternative payment structure may be implemented, following agreement by The Department that the alternant payment structure will realise a benefit to the body of knowledge of the research projectls to be funded.
The expected outcomes and milestones of this research projectls must:

be consistent with the relevant Recovery Plans for the species;
take into account any results from the Bird and Bat Adaptive Monitoring Program referred to in Condition C6 of the NSW Minister for Planning and Environment's approval of the proposed action; and
be made available to The Department, relevant state government agencies and to the public within 20 business days of approval and published on the approval holder's website throughout the duration of the research projectls and action.

Operation of the action must not commence until the payment structure, expected outcomes and milestones of the research projectls have been approved by The Minister21/06/20161313. Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Minister, the approval holder must publish the Offset Plan(s) referred to in these conditions of approval on their website. The Offset Plan(s) must be published on the website within 1 month of being approved by the Minister and remain on the website for the life of the approval.5/12/2014There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

