

Brockman Railway











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending15Compensatory measures
15. For the better protection and long term conservation of EPBC Act listed threatened fauna in the Pilbara bioregion of Western Australia, the person taking the action must engage a suitably qualified expert to prepare an EPBC Act Listed Threatened Fauna Habitat Improvement Plan (HIP). The suitably qualified expert must be approved by the Minister prior to the HIP being prepared. The HIP must include:

details of a 5 year comprehensive broadscale land management program across an area of no less than 150,000 hectares, for example, a feral animal baiting program, a weed management program or a fire management program. Details must include: the methodology, timing, frequency and intensity of land management actions over a 5 year timeframe;
the location of the land area to be managed (mapped and provided to the department in a shapefile or shapefiles);
measures to minimise potential adverse incidental impacts to EPBC Act listed threatened fauna as a result of the land management program. For example, a feral animal baiting program must include measures to minimise the potential for incidental impacts to non-target species;
details of a 5 year monitoring program which will determine the effectiveness of the land management program (including methodology, timing, frequency, scope and survey effort for/of monitoring). For example, in the case of a feral animal baiting program, the plan must detail a monitoring program which will determine the impacts upon both target species and non-target species;
performance indicators which specify the outcomes to be achieved through implementation of the HIP; and
commitments to fund the implementation of the HIP for no less than five years. The HIP must be accompanied by written agreement from the person(s) responsible for implementing the HIP, which demonstrates support for the commitments and actions described in the HIP. Unless otherwise agreed to in writing the HIP must be submitted to the Minister for approval within 1 year of the date of this approval and implemented within 12 months of the date the HIP is approved. Alternatively, the person must contribute no less than $390,000 (GST exclusive) to fund the implementation of an existing or proposed conservation management plan or program that will provide a benefit to EPBC Act listed threatened fauna within the Pilbara bioregion. Unless otherwise agreed to in writing, details of the nominated plan or program must be submitted to the Minister for approval, in the form of a Habitat Improvement Strategy (HIS) within 12 months of the date of this approval. The HIS must include:
the land area to be managed (mapped and provided to the department in a shapefile or shapefiles);
details of the on ground land management actions which will provide a significant contribution towards the better protection of and long term conservation of EPBC Act listed threatened fauna (including details of the methodology, timing, frequency, intensity and duration of land management actions);
measures to minimise potential adverse incidental impacts to EPBC Act listed threatened fauna as a result of the land management program;
performance indicators which will determine (in the future) if the management actions required of b) have provided a significant benefit to the EPBC Act listed threatened fauna;
details of a monitoring program which will determine the effectiveness of the land management program (including methodology, timing, frequency, scope, duration and survey effort for/of monitoring); and
details of the person responsible for implementation of the strategy.

The HIS must also be accompanied by written agreement from the person(s) responsible for implementing the HIS, which demonstrates support for the allocation of funds to implement and complete the HIS. Within 12 months of the date of its approval, the HIS must be implemented.30/08/20121616. Within 3 months of every 12 month anniversary of the date the HIP or HIS is implemented, an annual report on the impacts and effectiveness of the HIP or HIS must be provided to the department. The report must address the results of the monitoring program and whether performance indicators have been met.30/08/20121717. The person taking the action must provide documentary evidence to the department showing payments have been made to the person(s) responsible for implementation of the HIP or HIS. Evidence of the first payment must be provided within 30 days of the date the HIP or HIS is approved.30/08/2012There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

