

Bunyip Main Drain Bank Rehabilitation Works











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending011. To compensate for the loss of the 7.7 ha of vegetation that supports connective habitat for the endangered Southern Brown Bandicoot along the south bank of the Bunyip Main Drain, the person taking the action must ensure that the following measures are implemented:

Restoration of at least 2.7 ha of native vegetation that provides suitable continuous habitat for Southern Brown Bandicoot along the south bank of the Bunyip Main Drain in the area defined in Appendix 1;
Establishment of at least 0.4 ha of additional native vegetation that provides suitable habitat for Southern Brown Bandicoot along the roadside reserve of the Main Drain Road in the area defined in Appendix 1;
Within one week of vegetation clearance, piles of woody vegetation debris must be placed in a manner that provides additional suitable sheltering and connective habitat for Southern Brown Bandicoot along the road reserves of the Main Drain Road in the area defined in Appendix 1. The vegetation piles must be spaced no more than 50 metres apart for the entire length of the works. The structure and installation of the vegetation piles must be endorsed by a qualified ecological expert.
Construction and installation of artificial shelter structures, suitable for Southern Brown Bandicoot sheltering and resting habitat, must be placed along the north and south banks of the Bunyip Main Drain, in the area defined in Appendix 1. The shelters must be spaced no more than 400 metres apart. The design and installation of the artificial shelters must be approved and undertaken by a qualified ecological expert.. The artificial shelters along the south bank of Bunyip Main Drain must be installed before the completion of vegetation clearance activities.
A strategy to control and minimise the impacts of foxes on the Southern Brown Bandicoot habitat corridor within the Bunyip Main Drain in the area defined in Appendix 1. The strategy must be developed and implemented by experts in fox control and the conservation and management of Southern Brown Bandicoot. The strategy must be implemented over a period of at least 7 years, commencing at the start of construction activities, and must include:

Measures to reduce the number of foxes in the above areas in accordance with designated targets, with a focus on more intensive fox control measures in the first 12 months of the program;
Monitoring measures to determine the change in presence of fox in the above areas over the period of the strategy;
Assessment of the effectiveness of fox control measures in reducing fox numbers and impacts on Southern Brown Bandicoot local populations in the above areas, including contingency measures required to further reduce fox impacts if required; and
Annual reporting on the internet of fox controls efforts, including areas of control action, control measures used and changes in fox levels detected.13/07/2012022. To ensure the ongoing quality and viability of the restored and enhanced habitat for Southern Brown Bandicoot described in Condition 1 (a)-(d), the person taking the action must implement the following monitoring, evaluation and reporting measures:

A three year vegetation maintenance and Southern Brown Bandicoot recolonisation and habitat restoration monitoring program, conducted by a qualified ecological expert and commencing immediately following the completion of construction activities. The person taking the action must publish an annual report on the internet on the outcomes of the monitoring program. The first report must be published within one month of the 12 month anniversary of completion of construction activities and then annually from that date. The monitoring program must include the following elements:

At least 6 scheduled vegetation maintenance runs must be undertaken each year that include monitoring the extent of establishment of planted vegetation, replacement and additional planting of vegetation, where required, and weed control;
For revegetated sites established under Condition 1(a) and (b) and temporary or artificial Southern Brown Bandicoot habitat established under Condition 1 (c) and (d), monitoring must be undertaken every 3 months for the first year of the monitoring program, then annually for years 2 and 3 of the monitoring program; and
Where the outcomes of the monitoring program indicate deficiencies in vegetation condition or effective habitat cover for Southern Brown Bandicoot or a reduction in the presence of Southern Brown Bandicoot, corrective actions and contingency measures must be implemented.


Before the completion of the monitoring program required under Condition 2(a), a qualified ecological expert must conduct an independent review of the ongoing monitoring and maintenance requirements of Southern Brown Bandicoot habitat in the area of the Bunyip Main Drain defined in Appendix 1. The outcomes of the independent review must be reported to the department within 1 month of completion of the review. The person taking the action must continue the monitoring program until the department approves the cessation of the monitoring program or the department approves an alternative monitoring strategy for Southern Brown Bandicoot in the area of the Bunyip Main Drain defined in Appendix 1.13/07/2012There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

