

Oxley Highway to Kempsey Pacific Highway Upgrade, NSW











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending055. To compensate for the loss of 240 hectares of threatened species habitat the person taking the action must prepare and submit a Biodiversity Offset Management Plan (BOMP) for the Minister's written approval within 12 months of approval of the action. The BOMP must be approved in writing by the Minister within 12 months of approval of the action. The BOMP must include:

the identification of the portions of the lands described as the "Proposed Biodiversity Offset Areas" in the Map at Schedule 1 of this notice that are necessary to achieve the outcomes required by the Environmental Offsets Policy 2012 (or subsequent published revisions). This must include offset attributes, shapefiles, textual descriptions and maps to clearly define the location and boundaries of the offset area(s);
the results of targeted field surveys within the offset sites (undertaken at any ecologically appropriate time of the year) to assess and describe habitat suitability and presence / absence of individuals in relation to the Koala, Grey-headed Flying-fox, Spotted-tail Quoll and Giant Barred frog;
an assessment of the baseline population for the Koala, Spotted-tail Quoll, Giant-Barred Frog, and Grey-headed Flying-fox which are detected within the offset area during field surveys;
a description of the current quality (prior to any management activities) of the offset area(s) identified in Condition 5a with reference to the Koala, Spotted-tail Quoll, Giant-Barred Frog, and Grey-headed Flying-fox;
an assessment demonstrating how the offset area(s) achieve the outcomes required by the Environmental Offsets Policy 2012 (or subsequent published revisions) and user guide;
Should the offset sites identified in 5a not be sufficient to achieve the outcomes required by the Environmental Offsets Policy 2012 (or subsequent published revisions) and user guide, as determined in writing by the Minister, the person taking the action must provide further suitable offset sites and include these as part of the BOMP;
information about the Koala, Grey-headed Flying-fox, Spotted-tail Quoll, Grey-headed Flying-fox, and Giant Barred frog (in relation to ecology, biology and conservation status) to inform appropriate management actions;
targeted management actions, regeneration and revegetation strategies to be undertaken on the offset area(s) to improve the ecological quality of these areas for the Koala, Grey-headed Flying-fox, Spotted-tail Quoll and Giant Barred frog
clear performance objectives for management actions that will enable maintenance and enhancement of habitat within the offset area, as well as contribute to the better protection of individuals and / or populations of Koala, Spotted-tail Quoll, Giant-Barred Frog, and Grey-headed Flying-fox onsite;
anticipated timeframes for achieving performance objectives.
performance and completion criteria for evaluating the management of the offset area, including contingency actions, criteria for triggering contingency actions and a commitment to the implementation of these actions in the event that performance objectives are not met;
a program to monitor and report on the effectiveness of these measures, and progress against the performance and completion criteria;
details of who would be responsible for monitoring, reviewing, and implementing the BOMP.
a description of funding arrangements or agreements including work programs and responsible entities;

The approved BOMP must be published on the NSW Roads and Maritime Services internet web site, within 1 month of the BOMP being approved.
The approved BOMP must be implemented.3/06/2014066. If an offset site proposed as a part of Condition 5 is already required to be protected as a result of a separate EPBC Act approval, only the management actions which can be demonstrated to be additional to those required for the separate approval, can be considered as an offset for this project. The legal protection of the site and management measures required for a separate approval cannot be considered a part of the offset, in accordance with the Environmental Offsets Policy 2012 (or subsequent published revisions).24/01/2014077. Within 12 months of approval of the Biodiversity Offset Management Plan (BOMP), the person taking the action must secure the offset area(s) identified in Condition 5a), under relevant conservation legislation. The legal instrument chosen must be registered on title, and must prevent any future development activities from occurring on the land protected, and ensure the active management of that land for the better protection of matters of national environmental significance for the duration of the impact of the action. Evidence of compliance with this condition must be provided to the Department within 30 days after the land(s) have been secured.24/01/2014There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

