

Extension of existing open cut coal mine at the Bulga Coal Complex











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending022. To compensate for the loss of approximately 557ha of Regent Honeyeater, Swift Parrot and Grey Headed Flying Fox habitat, 611ha of Large-eared Pied Bat habitat and approximately 65 Slatey Red Gum trees, the approval holder must provide for the protection of offset lands identified in the maps at Schedule 1 of this notice as:

Reedy Valley Offset Site;
Wollombi Brook Conservation Area;
Broke Road Offset Site.

These offset lands must meet the requirements of the EPBC Offsets Policy and provide for the protection of threatened species habitat on these sites for the duration of the actions impact through a legally binding conservation covenant which must be in force within 3 years of the commencement of the action. 
Written evidence of compliance against this condition must be provided to the Department prior to the commencement of the action including evidence that action is being taken to put in place a suitable legally binding conservation covenant.9/05/2014033. The approval holder must submit for the Minister's approval a Biodiversity Management Plan (BMP) which provides for the offsetting of residual impacts to matters of national environmental significance including but not limited to:

Regent Honeyeater;
Swift Parrot;
Large-eared Pied Bat;
Slatey Red Gum.

The BMP must include:

management actions designed to improve the ecological quality of habitat for the above species on offset lands identified in Condition 2 and protect these sites from ecological degradation for the duration of the actions impact on matters of national environmental significance;
an ecological monitoring program to monitor the success of the management actions in the BMP and define measurable targets of management actions, performance indicators, and an adaptive management framework for the duration of the actions impact on habitat for matters of national environmental significance. Management actions prescribed by the BMP must be clear, measurable, auditable and time bound;
clear objectives and performance indicators as well as corrective actions for circumstances where a management action fails to meet its prescribed objective or performance indicator.

The BMP must be submitted within 3 months of commencement of the action. The approved BMP must be implemented. The approved BMP must be published on the approval holder's website within one month of approval of the BMP and remain published on this website for the duration of the action.4/08/2014044. The approval holder must submit for the Minister’s approval a Water Management Plan (WMP) which provides for the avoidance, mitigation and offsetting of residual impacts to water resources. The WMP must include:

management actions, mitigation measures and practices designed to limit impacts of the proposal on surface and groundwater resources;
surface and groundwater monitoring programs to monitor the success of the management actions in the WMP and define measurable targets of management actions, performance indicators and an adaptive management framework for the duration of the action’s impact on water resources. Management actions, mitigation measures and practices prescribed by the plan must be clear, measurable, auditable and time bound;
clear objectives and performance indicators, as well as corrective actions for circumstances where a management action, mitigation measure or practice fails to meet its prescribed objective or performance indicator.

The WMP must be submitted within 3 months of commencement of the action. The approved WMP or plan revised under condition 12 must be implemented.5/01/2016055. The approval holder must provide written evidence and detailed documentation relating to the conservation covenant specified in Condition 2 to the Department within one month of the conservation covenant coming into force. This must include offset attributes, shapefiles and textual descriptions and maps to clearly define the location and boundaries of the offset sites.9/05/2014There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

