

Mary's Mount Blue Metal Quarry Expansion, NSW











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending044. To compensate for the loss of 6.8 hectares of Koala habitat and 2.9 hectares of the Semi-evergreen vine thickets of the Brigalow Belt (North and South) and Nandewar Bioregions, the approval holder must prepare and submit, a Biodiversity Offset Management Plan (BOMP) for the proposed EPBC offset site, for the Minister's written approval. The BOMP must:


identify those lands described as the "Proposed EPBC Offset" in the map at Figure 2, Schedule 1 of this notice that are necessary to achieve the outcomes required by the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy 2012.


provide a survey and description of the current condition (prior to any management activities) of the offset areas identified in Condition 4a.


detail management actions and regeneration and revegetation strategies to be undertaken in the offset areas to improve the ecological quality of these areas including:


a description of and timeframes for measures that will be implemented to improve the condition of the ecological communities on the site;


performance and completion criteria for evaluating the management of the offset area, and criteria for triggering remedial action;


a program to monitor and report on the effectiveness of these measures and progress against the performance and completion criteria;


a description of potential risks to the successful implementation of the plan, a description of the measures that will be implemented to mitigate against these risks and a description of the contingency measures that will be implemented if defined triggers arise; and


details of who will be responsible for monitoring, reviewing, and implementing the plan.28/11/2014055. The approval holder must not commence the action until the BOMP is approved by the Minister. The approved BOMP must be published on an internet web site approved by the Department, within 1 month of being approved and for a period of 5 years thereafter. The approved BOMP must be implemented.28/11/2014066. To compensate for the loss of 6.8 hectares of Koala habitat and 2.9 hectares of the Semi-evergreen vine thickets of the Brigalow Belt (North and South) and Nandewar Bioregions, the approval holder must secure the lands identified as the 'Proposed EPBC Offset' in Figure 2, Schedule 1 of this notice as a biodiversity offset by a legal instrument under relevant nature conservation legislation on the title of the land within 6 monthd of the date of this variation.
This instrument must:

provide for the protection of the land in perpetuity;
prevent any future development activities, including mining and mineral extraction; and
ensure the active management of the land.17/02/2016077. Within 10 days of legally securing the lands identified in condition 6, the approval holder must provide to the Department a copy of the legal instrument, along with offset attributes, shapefiles and textual descriptions and maps to clearly identify the location and delineate the boundaries of the 'Proposed EPBC Offset' (Figure 2, Schedule 1).17/02/2016There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

