

Ext of coal mining within Open Cuts 1 & 2 and assoc infrastructure - Optimisation, NSW











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending044. To compensate for the loss of 16.5 hectares of the White Box-Yellow Box- Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland (WBGW) ecological community and 171.4 hectares of habitat for EPBC listed threatened species, the approval holder must prepare and submit a Biodiversity Offset Management Plan (BOMP) for the proposed EPBC offset sites, for the Minister's written approval. The BOMP must;
a. Identify those lands described as the Offset Areas at Schedule 2 (Figures 1-5) of this notice that are necessary to achieve the outcomes required by the Environmental Offsets Policy 2012 (or subsequent published revisions). This must include offset attributes, shapefiles, textual descriptions and maps to clearly define the location and boundaries of the offset area(s).
b. Provide a survey and description of the current condition (prior to any management activities) of the offset areas identified in Condition 4a.
c. Detail management actions and regeneration and revegetation strategies to be undertaken on the offset areas to improve the ecological quality of these areas, including:
(i) a description and timeframe of measures that would be implemented to improve the condition of the ecological communities on the site;
(ii) performance and completion criteria for evaluating the management of the offset area, and criteria for triggering remedial action;
(iii) a program to monitor and report on the effectiveness of these measures, and progress against the performance and completion criteria;
(iv) a description of potential risks to the successful implementation of the plan, a description of the measures that will be implemented to mitigate against these risks and a description of the contingency measures that will be implemented if defined triggers arise; and
(v) details of who would be responsible for monitoring, reviewing, and implementing the plan.13/11/2014055. The approval holder must not commence the action until the BOMP is approved by the Minister. The approved BOMP must be published on an internet web site approved by the Department, within 1 month of being approved and for a period of 5 years thereafter. The approved BOMP must be implemented.13/11/2014066. To compensate for the loss of 16.5 hectares of the White Box-Yellow Box- Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland (WBGW) ecological community and 171.4 hectares of habitat for EPBC listed threatened species, the approval holder must secure the lands identified as the Offset Areas at Schedule 2 (Figures 1-5) of this notice as a biodiversity offset by a legal instrument under relevant nature conservation legislation on the title of the land. This instrument must:


provide for the protection of the land in perpetuity;


prevent any future development activities, including mining and mineral extraction; and


ensure the active management of the land.


The approval holder must not commence the action until the Department has approved the proposed instrument in writing.13/11/2014077. The approval holder must provide evidence to the Department of their compliance with Condition 6, along with offset attributes, shapefiles and textual descriptions and maps to clearly define the location and boundaries of the offset sites, prior to the commencement of the action.13/11/2014There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

