

Bluff open cut coal mine project, central Queensland











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending07Biodiversity Offset Management Plan
7. The person taking the action must prepare and submit a Biodiversity Offset Management Plan (BOMP) to the Minister for approval. The BOMP must include:
a) details of known critical Koala habitat to compensate for the loss of 250 hectares of critical Koala habitat in the project area;
b) identify the extent of Squatter Pigeon habitat within the offset area, as established by Condition 7(a);
c) details of the offset attributes (including maps in electronic Geographic Information System (GIS) format with accompanying shapefiles), site descriptions, environmental values relevant to Koala, connectivity with other Koala habitat and biodiversity corridors, a rehabilitation program, and conservation and management measures for long-term protection;
d) a detailed survey and description of the proposed offset site to clearly identify baseline conditions, establish performance indicators and discuss methods for adaptive management. This must include:

a description (prior to any management activities, hence a baseline) of the current condition of the extant vegetation of each offset area. location of survey points (GPS reference);
the quantity of habitat for Koala (in hectares), found within the offset area;
the condition class of habitat for Koala found within the offset area;
vegetation condition mapping;
photo reference points;
tree age class representation; and
description of Koala habitat including condition, type and connectivity.

e) details of measures to be undertaken to maintain and improve Koala habitat within the Offset Area in line with the Nature Conservation (Koala) Conservation Plan 2006 and Management Program 2006-2016 (or successor management plan), including measures to ensure:

a map showing areas to be managed;
management actions for each area and details of methods to be used. These must include   measures to reduce and control weeds.
timing of management activity for each area;
performance criteria for each area;
a monitoring plan to assess the success of the management activities measured against the baseline condition. The monitoring must be statistically robust and able to quantify change in the condition of the critical Koala habitat. This must include, but not be limited to, control sites and periodic ecological surveys to be undertaken by a suitably qualified ecologist;
 a description of the potential risks to successful management against the performance criteria, and a description of the contingency measures that would be implemented to mitigate these risks;
a process to report to the Department, the progress of management activities undertaken in the offset areas and the outcome of those activities, including identifying any need for improved management and activities to undertake such improvement;
details of the various parties responsible for management, monitoring and implementing the management activities, including their position or status as a separate contractor;
regeneration, if utilised, must be with a similar composition of over storey species (type, density and diversity) compared to the local variant of Regional Ecosystem (RE) found in or adjacent to the nominated offset area and demonstrated to be Koala habitat; and
trees used during rehabilitation have been propagated from local seed stock, where possible.31/07/2014There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

