

South Walker Creek Mulgrave Pit mine extension, Nebo, QLD











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions











Offset Name








Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending03Offset Management Plan
3. To compensate for authorised unavoidable impacts on MNES (see condition 3), the approval holder must submit offset management plans to the Minister for approval. The approval holder must not undertake substantial commencement until the Minister has approved the offset management plans in writing. The approved offset management plans must be implemented.16/01/2015044. The offset management plan for Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant) ecological community must be located at Dabin Holdings (Lot 2SP 214117), a property within the Isaac Regional Council, Queensland (shown at Annexure B). The offset must include at least 125 hectares of Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant) ecological community as proposed in the preliminary documentation. The Brigalow offset management Plan must be submitted to the Minister prior to substantial commencement of the action. The approved Brigalow Offset Management Plan must be implemented.16/01/2015055. The offset management plan for Ornamental Snake (Denisonia maculata) will be calculated consistent with the offsets assessment guide, and be influenced by the site quality, site condition and species richness, but will exceed the 17.5 hectares impacted in the project area. The offset management plans must be agreed by the Minister within 6 months of commencement of the Walker Creek diversion and prior to substantial commencement.16/01/2015066. The offset management plans must include, but not be limited to, the following information for both Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant) ecological community and Ornamental Snake (Denisonia maculata):
a) details of the offset attributes (including maps in electronic Geographic Information System (GIS) format with accompanying shapefiles), site descriptions, environmental values relevant to MNES, connectivity with other habitat and biodiversity corridors, a rehabilitation program, and conservation and management measures for long-term protection;
b) a detailed survey and description of the offset site, by a qualified ecologist, to clearly identify baseline conditions, establish performance indicators and discuss methods for adaptive management. This must include but not be limited to:
i. a description (prior to any management activities, hence a baseline) of the current condition of the extant vegetation of each offset area location of survey points (GPS reference);
ii. the quantity of habitat for EPBC Act listed species or communities (in hectares), found within each offset area;
iii. the condition class of habitat for EPBC Act listed species or communities found within each offset area;
iv. vegetation condition mapping;
v. photo reference points;
vi. tree age class representation;
vii. percentage tree canopy cover;
viii. number of native plant species in ground layer;
ix. percentage of native and foreign grass cover and whether the grass species are annual or perennial ;
x. description of fauna habitat including condition, type and connectivity; and
xi. fauna surveys (fauna assemblages and species richness) including but not limited to EPBC Act listed species.
c) plans to improve upon the baseline condition of Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant) ecological community and Ornamental Snake habitat consistent with EPBC listing advice. These plans must include:
i. a map showing areas to be managed;
ii. management actions for each area and details of methods to be used. These must include:
a. actions consistent with objectives stated in relevant threat abatement plans; and
b. weed control measures to reduce/control the presence of foreign perennial weeds within Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant) ecological community and Ornamental Snake habitat.
iii. timing of management activity for each area;
iv. performance criteria for each area;
v. a set of measurable ecological indicators for detecting changes to the Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant) ecological community and Ornamental Snake habitat;
vi. a monitoring plan to assess the success of the management activities measured against the baseline condition. The monitoring must be statistically robust and able to quantify change in the condition of the Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant) ecological community and Ornamental Snake habitat. This should include, but not be limited to, control sites and periodic ecological surveys to be undertaken by a qualified ecologist;
vii. a description of the potential risks to successful management against the performance criteria, and a description of the contingency measures that would be implemented to mitigate these risks;
viii. a process to report to the Department, the progress of management activities undertaken in the offset areas and the outcome of those activities, including identifying any need for improved management and activities to undertake such improvement; and
ix. details of the various parties responsible for management, monitoring and implementing the management activities, including their position or status as a separate contractor; and
d) a completed offsets assessment guide for the proposed offset site and a discussion as to how figures used to complete the offsets assessment guide were derived.16/01/201507Mechanism to secure offsets
7. The approval holder must, within 2 years of commencement of construction (or as required under relevant Queensland legislation, whichever is earlier), register a legally binding conservation mechanism over the offset areas approved by the Minister in the offset management plan, described in conditions 3-5.16/01/2015There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

