

Russell Vale Colliery Longwall 6 Mining, Wollongong NSW











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending06Offsets
6. Within one month of commencement of the action, the approval holder must submit to the Minister for approval, an Offset Strategy to compensate for impacts to Coastal Upland Swamps, Giant Burrowing Frog, Littlejohn's Tree Frog and Macquarie Perch. The Offset Strategy must:


identify offsets that are consistent with the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy, as confirmed in writing by the Department, to offset (in hectares) CCUS4 and CRUS1 and all known or potential habitat for Giant Burrowing Frog, Littlejohns Tree Frog and Macquarie Perch in the project area;


contain offsets for Coastal Upland Swamps of area equal to or bigger than CRUS1, and swamps of equal diversity to CCUS4;


contain offsets for Macquarie Perch which must include likely breeding habitat;


demonstrate that the offsets can be legally secured, under a registered, legally binding conservation mechanism that prohibits any activity which is not a conservation activity;


provide the offset attributes (including maps in electronic Geographic Information System (GIS) format with accompanying shapefiles), site descriptions, environmental values relevant to MNES being offset, connectivity with other habitat and biodiversity corridors;


include qualitative descriptions and, where possible, quantitative surveys of any proposed offset areas;


include a summary of management actions to be undertaken within offset areas, that can be demonstrated to maintain and improve habitat and/or ecological characteristics for MNES; and


be prepared by a suitably qualified ecologist.24/12/2014077.	The Offset Strategy must be implemented.24/12/2014088. Within 6 months of the date that the Minister approves the Offset Strategy required by Condition 6, the approval holder must submit an Offset Management Plan (OMP) to the Minister for approval. The OMP must be prepared by a suitably qualified ecologist/expert. The OMP must include:


Confirmation or update of the content of the approved Offset Strategy based on addressing the requirements of this condition, including that the offsets remain consistent with the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy, as confirmed in writing by the Department;


baseline information, which must include but not be limited to:


quantitative surveys to clearly identify baseline conditions;


a baseline description (prior to any management activities) of the current condition of the vegetation and/or ecological characteristics of each offset area, including the location of survey points (GPS reference);


the quality of the offset for the relevant MNES found within the offset area;


vegetation condition mapping; and v. photo reference points/survey.




details of conservation and management measures to be undertaken to maintain and improve habitat and/or ecological characteristics within the offset areas, including, but not limited to:


measures consistent with threat abatement plans;


management actions for each offset area and details of methods to be used;


timing of management activity for each offset area;


performance measures/indicators for each offset area;


a monitoring plan to assess the effectiveness of the management activities measured against the baseline condition. This must include, but not be limited to, control sites and seasonal annual ecological surveys to be undertaken by a suitably qualified ecologist;


a risk assessment and a description of the contingency measures that would be implemented to mitigate these risks;


details of the various parties responsible for the management, monitoring and implementing the management activities, including their experience and qualifications and employment or engagement status; and


details of qualifications and experience of persons responsible for undertaking monitoring, review, and implementation of the OMP, including the role of the suitably qualified ecologist in preparing, reviewing, and implementation of the OMP.




a financial costing, which includes an annual schedule of the costs to undertake all activities required by the OMP, for the life of the approval; and


details of the qualifications and experience of persons responsible for undertaking monitoring, review, and implementation of the OMP, including the role of the suitably qualified expert in monitoring, reviewing, implementation of the OMP.24/12/2014099. The approval holder must:


implement the approved OMP within 12 months of commencement of the action;


make the approved OMP publicly available on the approval holder's website within 5 days of receiving advice of the OMPs approval from the Department;


make all monitoring results publicly available on the approval holder's website within 2 months of the monitoring event; and


for the life of the approval, keep all documents referred to in condition 9b) and 9c) and publish them on its website.24/12/20141010. Where identified potential offsets are under the control of the approval holder, the approval holder must prohibit any activities which are not conservation activities, including future mining from occurring in the offsets.24/12/20141111. The offsets required by Condition 6 and 8 must be managed in accordance with the approved OMP until the approval holder can demonstrate, to the Minister's satisfaction, negligible environmental consequences to Coastal Upland Swamps CRUS1 and CCUS4 (as mapped in Appendix 1) and negligible enviornmental consequencesto Macquarie Prech, Littlejohn's Tree Frog and Giant Burrowing Frog habitat in the project area as a result of the action.24/12/20141212. In order to demonstrate that only negligible environmental consequences have occurred, in order to meet the requirements of Conditions 11 and 15, the approval holder must undertake a monitoring program of all potential short and long-term impacts to MNES from the action, including the nature, extent, area and location of impacts. The monitoring program must:
a) include baseline data, baseline ecological characteristics and monitoring methods;
b) be undertaken by a suitably qualified ecologist/expert;
c) be undertaken for a sufficient period of time and at sufficient frequency and intensity, as certified by an independent expert, to ascertain the natural variability of the MNES monitored and to verify compliance with Conditions 11 and 15;
d) be submitted to the Minister for approval prior to commencement.
e) The approval holder must not commence until the monitoring program is approved by the Minister; and
f) be made publicly available on the approval holder's website within 5 days of its approval by the Minister and remain on the approval holder's website for the life of the approval.24/12/2014There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

