

Residential subdivision, 196 Robertson Road, Mudgee, NSW











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending033.  Within 5 years of commencement, the person taking the action must compensate for the loss of 265 individual Hoary Sunray plants by increasing the retained population of 775 to not less than 1035 (±10%) individuals in the offset site identified on Map 1. The overall number of Hoary Sunray plants, which is 1035 (±10%) individuals within the offset site, must be protected for the life of the approval (20 years).22/09/2017055.  Prior to commencement of construction, for the protection of Hoary Sunray and BGWG, the person taking the action must establish protective covenant(s), under Section 88D or 88E of the Conveyancing Act 1919. The covenant(s) must provide protection to the offset site and the BGWG conservation area in perpetuity.22/09/2017066. Prior to commencement of construction, for the protection of Hoary Sunray and BGWG the person taking the action must establish a Plan of Management (PoM) for the Minister's approval. The PoM must be linked to the covenant(s) under section 88D or 88E of the Conveyancing Act 1919 to provide protection to the offset site and the BGWG conservation area in perpetuity. The person taking the action must not commence the action unless the Minister has approved the PoM, which must:
a.  include on-ground practical measures including:


permanent fencing of the Hoary Sunray offset and BGWG conservation areas


restoration of BGWG, and


management measures to control weed and disease during and post construction of the proposed development


b.  indicate hollow-bearing trees, which are likely habitat for native species, not to be removed
c.  incorporate a monitoring plan to ensure that the requirements of the PoM regarding BGWG and Hoary Sunray are being adhered to
d.  include hydrological and erosion control measures to maintain the quality and quantity of pre-development water flows into areas where BGWG and Hoary Sunray are found on site
e.  demonstrate how the requirements of condition 3 will be achieved, including, but not limited to:

documenting and retaining for audit purposes that the retained population of Hoary Sunray plants (to not less than 1035 (±10%) individuals in the offset site) has been achieved

f.  indicate measurable performance indicators, which include:


an average increase in the site’s retained Hoary Sunray population by approximately 7% annually to an overall increase in the offset population by no less than 34% over 5 years (an overall increase by at least 260 plants (±10%))


an increase in area of BGWG on the proposed action site from 1.2 ha to at least 1.5 ha, and


improvement .in the condition of the BGWG within the proposed action site from the low to moderate ecological value defined in Appendix A: The Firebird Ecosultants Ecological Assessment Report (section 3.1.3) of the finalised preliminary documentation to a moderate to high ecological value.


g.  identify and describe the proposed offset site, and include maps clearly depicting Hoary Sunray and BGWG habitat within the offset site
h.  regarding Hoary Sunray and BGWG, identify objectives for the ongoing condition of the offset site, management and monitoring actions, timeframes for implementation, and arrangements for funding of these for the duration of the offset
i.  be submitted to the Department for approval by the Minister at least 4 months prior to the commencement of construction, and
j.  be implemented if approved.22/09/20171111.  The person taking the action may choose to revise the PoM approved by the Minister under conditions 6, without submitting it for approval under section 143A of the EPBC Act, if the taking of the action in accordance with the revised plan would not be likely to have a new or increased impact. If the person taking the action makes this choice they must:


notify the Department in writing that the approved plan has been revised and provide the Department, at least four weeks before implementing the revised plan, with an electronic copy of the revised management plan showing changes to the plan


provide the Department with an explanation of the differences between the revised management plan and the approved management plan, and


provide the Department with the reasons the person taking the action considers that taking the action in accordance with the revised management plan would not be likely to have a new or increased impact.


11A. The person taking the action may revoke their choice under condition 11 at any time by notice to the Department. If the person taking the action revokes the choice to implement a revised management plan without approval under section 143A of the Act, the management plan approved by the Minister must be implemented.
11B. Condition 11 does not apply if the revisions to the approved management plan include changes to environmental offsets provided under the management plan in relation to a matter protected by a controlling provision for the action, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Minister. This does not otherwise limit the circumstances in which the taking of the action in accordance with a revised management plan would, or would not, be likely to have new or increased impacts.
11C. If the Minister gives a notice to the person taking the action that the Minister is satisfied that the taking of the action in accordance with the revised management plan would be likely to have a new or increased impact, then:
i.  Condition 11 does not apply, or ceases to apply, in relation to the revised management plan; and
ii. The person taking the action must implement the management plan approved by the Minister.
To avoid any doubt, this condition does not affect any operation of conditions 11, 11A and 11B in the period before the day the notice is given.
At the time of giving the notice the Minister may also notify that for a specified period of time that condition 11 does not apply for one or more specified plan(s) required under the approval.
11D. Conditions 11, 11A, 11B and 11C are not intended to limit the operation of section 143A of the EPBC Act which allows the person taking the action to submit a revised management plan(s) to the Minister for approval.22/09/2017There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

