

Wilpinjong open cut coal mine extension project, NE Mudgee, NSW











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending01Compliance with conditionson the New South Wales developement consent
1. For the protection of listed threatened species and communities and water resources, the person taking the action must comply with the following conditions of the New South Wales development consent, where relevant to the Wilpinjong Extension Project (EPBC 2015/7431):



 Schedule 
 NSW Development Consent Condition 
 Subject


 2
 2
requirement to undertake action generally in accordance with the Wilpinjong Extension Project EIS and the NSW Development Consent.


 3
 WATER 
 


 
 23
requirement to ensure sufficient water supply for all stages of development otherwise to adjust scale of operations to match supply.


 
 24
requirement for compensatory water supply (as required). 


 
 29
performance measures for water management.


 
 30
preparation and approval of a water management plan. 


 
 31
requirement to implement the approved water management plan.


 
 BIODIVERSITY 
 


 
 32
requirement to implement the biodiversity offset strategy.


 
 35
requirement to secure offset areas and transferring the land to adjoining National Park estate and/or enter into a BioBanking Agreement.


 
 36
requirement to demonstrate that there are sufficient biodiversity credits .


 
 37
develop rehabilitation performance and completion criteria.


 
 38
requirement to retire the relevant number of credits if rehabilitation does not meet the completion criteria.


 
 39
requirement to contribute $660,000 towards the Regent Honeyeater Recovery Plan. 


 
 40
requirement for a setback of at least 20 metres from the boundary of the Munghorn Gap Nature Reserve.


 
 41
requirement to identify the boundary of Munghorn Gap Nature Reserve and provide relevant Geographic Information System data to the DP&E and OEH.


 
 42
preparation and approval of a biodiversity management plan.


 
 43
requirement to implement the approved biodiversity management plan.


 
 44
requirement to lodge a revised Conservation Bond.


 
 REHABILITATION
 


 
 60
requirement to rehabilitate the action site.


 
 61
preparation and approval of a rehabilitation strategy.


 
 62
requirement to rehabilitate the action site progressively.


 
 63
requirement to commence the ecosystem and land use establishment phase of rehabilitation.


 
 64
preparation and approval of a rehabilitation management plan.


 
 65
requirement to revise the rehabilitation management plan to include the approved performance and completion criteria.


 
 66
requirement to revise the rehabilitation management plan following the approval of the rehabilitation strategy.


 
 67
requirement to implement the rehabilitation management plan.


5
ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT
 


 
 1
prepare and approve an environmental management strategy.


 
 2
requirement to assess and manage development-related risks.


 
 3
requirement that management plans are prepared in accordance with relevant guidelines.


 
 6
ensure strategies, plans and programs are updated on a regular basis.8/08/2017022. If at the end of five (5) years after landform establishment the Minister determines that the rehabilitation to address Conditions 36 and 37 of Schedule 3 of the New South Wales development consent does not meet the applicable interim performance criteria detailed in the rehabilitation management plan, the person taking the action must prepare and submit additional rehabilitation management measures, for the Minister’s approval, no later than six (6) months after the Minister’s determination.
Once approved, the approved additional rehabilitation management measures must be implemented.8/08/2017There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

