

Subdivision of Lot 1 DP106143, 327-335 Burley Road, Horsley Park, NSW











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending055. To compensate for the loss of 2.85 hectares of EPBC Act listed CPW and habitat for Grey-headed Flying-fox (Pteropus poliocephalus), the approval holder must:


legally secure the conservation area shown indicatively in the map at Appendix A in perpetuity for conservation purposes. The offset mechanism used to legally secure the offset site must be in place within two years of the commencement of works in Stage 2, and must remain in place for the life of the approval, unless replaced as per Condition 6. The approval holder must:


notify the Department within 30 calendar days of the offset mechanism being created


notify the Department within 10 business days of the commencement of Stage 2




not begin the transfer of ownership for any of the lots to be created by the action in Stage 2 or Stage 3 until the offset mechanism is in place and the Department has been satisfied of the mechanism’s legal security (subject to Condition 6)


implement the VMP dated 14 July 2017 across the conservation area (including buffer areas) as it relates to EPBC Act listed matters for at least 10 years from the date of this approval decision, including meeting the specified restoration performance targets in chapter 4.3, as well as an additional performance target of:


at least four groundcover / grass plants characteristic of EPBC Act listed CPW per square metre within the conservation area




prepare and implement a Planting Plan for the managed ecological zone (MEZ) adjoining the conservation area to achieve the quality metrics specified in the VMP, including but not limited to:


at least six native groundcover / grass plants characteristic of EPBC Act listed CPW per square metre within the MEZ.8/11/2017066. If the offset mechanism used to legally secure the offset site under Condition 5 was not biobanking or a Commonwealth-endorsed New South Wales Government successor mechanism, the offset mechanism must include:


provisions requiring the consent of the Department before the mechanism may be removed


provisions requiring that, within one year of the expiry of the 10 year period covered by the VMP, the title holder must:


secure a biobank site within the conservation area as shown in the map at Appendix A, through a Biobanking Agreement


obtain an approved Biobanking Agreement, for the establishment of the Biobank site (required by Condition 6(b)(i)), with the NSW Office of Environment and Heritage. The Biobanking Agreement for the biobank site must:


contain a specific reference to EPBC Act listed ecological communities and species impacted by the proposed action


reference relevant EPBC Act guidelines and policies, and the requirements of these conditions


prevent any future development activities


include a provision that ensures the active conservation management of the biobank site to maintain the conservation area at the same quality metrics outlined in the VMP.




implement the Biobanking Agreement once it is established


retire all credits generated by the Biobank site, and not use those credits to offset the impacts of another action nor allow another party to use those credits to offset the impacts of another action.




If this Condition is activated, but the biobanking scheme no longer operates and has been replaced by an endorsed New South Wales Government successor mechanism, all references to biobanking in this Condition shall be taken to refer to equivalent provisions of the endorsed successor mechanism.8/11/2017077. The approval holder must include clauses in any sale contract covering the conservation area that require any buyer or buyers of land including all or part of the conservation area must:


implement the VMP


abide by, and implement any requirements of, the offset mechanism described in Condition 5


not seek to remove, or consent to the removal of, the offset mechanism described in Condition 5 except with the consent of the Department


not re-sell land including all or part of the conservation area unless any new sales contract or contracts transfer to the new buyer or buyers all obligations imposed under Condition 7 (including this obligation).8/11/20171010. The person taking the action must maintain accurate records substantiating all activities associated with or relevant to the conditions of approval, including measures taken to implement the VMP, the Planting Plan, the MEZ, the offset mechanism, and any Biobanking Agreement for the conservation area, and make them available upon request to the Department. Such records may be subject to audit by the Department or an independent auditor in accordance with section 458 of the EPBC Act, or used to verify compliance with the conditions of approval. Summaries of audits will be posted on the Department’s website. The results of audits may also be publicised through the general media.8/11/2017There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

