

Mernda Rail Extension Project, Vic











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending06Environment offsets
6. To compensate for the loss of 0.82 ha of the grassy eucalypt woodland of the Victorian volcanic plain at the GEWVVP impact area, prior to commencement of the action, the approval holder must:
i. enter into a written bond agreement with Trust for Nature to identify and establish a covenant on an offset area.
ii. provide a sum of $1 200 000 to Trust for Nature to be held until such time as the offset area is identified and secured in accordance with condition 6(i), at which time that sum will form the basis of the payment to purchase environmental services for the offset area.
a. The arrangements for the provision and expenditure of the funds must be set out in the written bond agreement.
b. If the cost of purchasing environmental services is greater than $1 200 000, the approval holder will provide additional funds to Trust for Nature as required by the bond agreement.
c. If the cost of purchasing environmental services is less than $1 200 000, the funds will be returned to the approval holder as required by the bond agreement.
Note: The loss of 0.82 ha refers to the actual extent of impact to the area containing grassy eucalypt woodland of the Victorian volcanic plain. As this area was protected under EPBC 2010/5313, compensation is required for both the impact to the protected area under EPBC 2010/5313 and the extent of impact under this approval. Therefore, the size of the impact under the Offsets Assessment Guide to the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy (Department of Sustainability, Environment, Water, Population and Communities, 2012) will be double 0.82 ha (1.64 ha).29/03/2017088. The approval holder must:

By 29 September 2019, secure the tenure of the offset area through an agreement to secure and manage offset. The Department must be provided with a copy of the signed agreement to secure and manage offset within 4 weeks following its execution.5/10/2018099. To provide for the conservation and enhancement of the grassy eucalypt woodland of the Victorian volcanic plain, prior to entering into the agreement to secure and manage offset, the approval holder must submit to the Department an Offset Management Plan for the offset area.
i. The approval holder must obtain the Minister’s approval of the Offset Management Plan prior to executing the covenant over the offset area.
ii. The approved Offset Management Plan must be implemented for a minimum of 10 years following the establishment of the covenant over the offset area.
iii. The Offset Management Plan must be prepared by a suitably qualified expert and be consistent with the Department’s Environmental Management Plan Guidelines. The Offset Management Plan must
a. Provide the baseline data and other supporting evidence that documents the baseline quality of the grassy eucalypt woodland of the Victorian volcanic plain within the offset area and the GEWVVP impact area.
b. A map and description of the offset area and surrounding land uses.
c. Key performance indicators and timeframes for implementation of specific management actions to improve the condition of the grassy eucalypt woodland of the Victorian volcanic plain within the offset area. Management actions should include but not be limited to control of weed and pest species, control of access to the protected land, revegetation, strategic fire and grazing management.
d. The nature, timing and frequency of monitoring to determine the success of management actions and attainment of future condition.
e. Evidence that all relevant conservation advices, recovery plans and/or threat abatement plans have been considered in formulating the plan.
f. Corrective actions that will be implemented in the event monitoring activities indicate future condition objectives are not being achieved. The appropriateness and effectiveness of corrective measures must be demonstrated.
g. The roles and responsibilities for implementing the management actions.
h. Include provisions and measures to ensure that actions taken to conserve, manage and protect the grassy eucalypt woodland of the Victorian volcanic plain have no detrimental impact on the habitat and populations of other listed threatened species and ecological communities identified in the Offset Management Plan as occurring in the offset area.29/03/2017There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

