

Middlemount Coal Mine, North-eastern Extension, Bowen Basin, Qld











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending02Offsets
2) To compensate for the loss of 181 hectares (ha) of habitat for the squatter pigeon and south-eastern long-eared bat, the approval holder must:


Legally secure and implement the offset of at least 532ha within the offset site, as shown in Figure 2. The offset mechanism used to legally secure the offset site must be in place within two years from the date of approval and must remain in place for the life of the approval. The condition targets listed in condition 2d. must be listed in the outcomes of the offset mechanism.


Ensure the Offset Management Plan used to legally secure the offset site includes a Vertebrate Pest Management Strategy that aims to reduce and minimise the presence of vertebrate pest species, including, but not limited to rabbits (Oryctolagus cuniculus), cats (Felis catus) and red foxes (Vulpes vulpes) within the offset site. The Offset Management Plan must be published on the approval holder’s website within 1 month of the offset mechanism being granted by the Queensland Government.


Conduct a Baseline Survey of the offset site and provide an Offset Baseline Report detailing the results of the Baseline Survey to the Department within 12 months of commencement. The Offset Baseline Report must be prepared by a suitably trained ecologist/s, provide a geo-referenced map showing the location of the survey sites, provide written descriptions about the baseline health and quality of each Regional Ecosystem Mapping index area within the offset site, and provide the statistics recorded during the Baseline Survey. The Baseline Survey, including the selection of survey sites and Offset Baseline Report must be undertaken and prepared in accordance with the Queensland Government’s Guide to determining terrestrial habitat quality.

Ensure that by the 15 year anniversary of commencement of the action, the offset site meets the following condition targets:


Each area designated by Regional Ecosystem Mapping in Figure 2 must have a weed cover of 20% or less;


Areas identified as regional ecosystems 11.5.2a, 11.7.2 and 11.7.4 in Figure 2 must each have at least 30% shrub canopy cover; and


Areas designated by Regional Ecosystem Mapping in Figure 2 as non-remnant must be of a condition that is eligible to be mapped as a remnant woody regional ecosystem (as defined under the Queensland Vegetation Management Act 1999) where Eucalyptus, Corymbia, Acacia or Callitris spp are the dominant canopy species.



Ensure weed cover in any Regional Ecosystem Mapping index area of the offset site does not exceed the baseline condition for each Regional Ecosystem Mapping index area described in the Offset Baseline Report required under condition 2c. of this approval for the life of the approval.


Ensure that the condition targets do not decline for the remainder of the approval once the condition targets have been met.


Make application to the Queensland Government to have areas shown in Figure 2 identified as non-remnant to be listed as remnant vegetation under the Vegetation Management Act 1999 prior to the 15th anniversary of commencement of the action.29/03/2017There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

