

Hunter Valley Coal Mining Operations North - State approved mining, NSW











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending055. To compensate for residual significant impacts to 22.7 ha of Class A condition CHVEF from the Riverview Pit extension area, the person taking the action must identify a direct offset site that meets requirements of the EPBC Act Offset Policy, and secure the offset in perpetuity under a legally binding agreement within 12 months from the date of approval of the Offset Strategy at Condition 10.11/08/2017066. To compensate for residual significant impacts to 68.4 ha of breeding and foraging habitat for the Regent Honeyeater, the person taking the action must identify a direct offset site that meets requirements of the EPBC Act Offset Policy, and secure the offset in perpetuity under a legally binding agreement within 12 months from the date of approval of the Offset Strategy at Condition 10.11/08/2017088. Prior to securing the direct offsets required by Conditions 4, 5, 6 and 7 the direct offset sites and legally binding agreements must be agreed to by the Minister.10/10/2016099. The action cannot continue for more than 12 months from the date of approval of the Offset Strategy at Condition 10, unless the direct offset sites required by Conditions 5, 6 and 7 have been secured in perpetuity under a legally binding agreement by the person taking the action.11/08/20171010. Within six (6) months from the commencement of the action the person taking the action must prepare and submit an Offset Strategy for the Minister’s approval. The Offset Strategy must specify the development of the offset package and how direct offset sites required by Conditions 5, 6 and 7 will be identified, secured and managed in perpetuity. The Offset Strategy must:
a. Describe the development of the offset package and identify the proposed direct offset sites required by Conditions 5, 6 and 7, include a detailed description of the direct offset sites and demonstrate how the direct offset sites meet the EPBC Act Offset Policy and provide an adequate offset for the residual significant impacts to protected matters.
b.Include proposed timeframes in which the direct offset sites will be secured by a legal binding agreement and a detailed description of how the legally binding agreement will secure the direct offset sites in perpetuity.
c. Proposed measures for the long term management of the direct offset sites.
The Offset Strategy approved by the Minister must be implemented.10/10/20161111. For the protection of the CHVEF as well as habitat for the Regent Honeyeater, Swift Parrot and Green and Golden Bell Frog the person taking the action must prepare and submit a Biodiversity Offset Management Plan (BOMP) for the Minister’s approval within 12 months from the date of this approval. At a minimum, the BOMP must:
a. Clearly identify the direct offset sites described in Conditions 4, 5, 6 and 7. This must include offset attributes, shapefiles, textual descriptions and maps to clearly define the location and boundaries of the direct offset sites.
b. Provide a description of the offset attributes for each protected matter and how the offset site meets the offset requirements under Conditions 4, 5, 6 and 7.
c. Provide a survey and description of the current condition (prior to any management activities) of the direct offset sites identified in Conditions 4, 5, 6 and 7.
d. Include detailed management actions, including regeneration and revegetation strategies to be undertaken at the direct offset sites to improve the ecological quality of these areas. The BOMP must also include:
(i) Management actions relating to improving habitat quality for protected matters including but not limited to: weed management, feral animal management, erosion and sediment control and fire management.
(ii) A description and timeframes that management measures would be implemented to improve the condition of CHVEF and habitat for the Regent Honeyeater, Swift Parrot and the Green and Golden Bell Frogs on the direct offset sites.
(iii) Performance and completion criteria for evaluating the management of the direct offset sites, and criteria for triggering remedial action.
(iv) A program to monitor and report on the effectiveness of these measures, and progress against the performance and completion criteria.
(v) A description of potential risks to the successful implementation of the plan, a description of the measures that will be implemented to mitigate against these risks and a description of the contingency measures that will be implemented if defined triggers arise.
vi) Details of who would be responsible for monitoring, reviewing, and implementing the plan.10/10/2016There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

