

Extension to the exisiting Isaac Plains Mine, near Moranbah, Qld











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending05Offset Management Plan
5. The approval holder must submit an Offset Management Plan for the written approval of the Minister. The approved Offset Management Plan must be implemented. The Offset Management Plan must be prepared by a suitably qualified person in accordance with the Department’s Environmental Management Plan Guidelines and include:


details of environmental offset/s to compensate for the habitat suitable for the Koala (Phascolarctos cinereus) (combined populations of Qld, NSW and the ACT) and Greater Glider (Petauroides volans) and Squatter Pigeon (Southern) (Geophaps scripta scripta) habitat to be cleared as identified in condition 2.


details of how the proposed offset/s and Offset Management Plan meet the requirements of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy;


a field validation survey and baseline description of the current condition (prior to any management activities) of the offset area/s, including existing vegetation, for habitat suitable for the Koala (Phascolarctos cinereus) (combined populations of Qld, NSW and the ACT) and Greater Glider (Petauroides volans), and Squatter Pigeon (Southern) (Geophaps scripta scripta) habitat;


a description and map (including shapefiles) to clearly define the location and boundaries of the proposed offset area/s, accompanied by the offset attributes;


information about how the proposed offset area/s provide connectivity with other relevant habitats and biodiversity corridors;


a description of the management measures (including timing, frequency and duration) that will be implemented in each offset area/s;


a discussion of how proposed management measures take into account relevant approved conservation advices and are consistent with the measures contained in relevant recovery plans and threat abatement plans;


completion criteria and performance targets for evaluating the effectiveness of Offset Management Plan implementation, and criteria for triggering corrective actions;


a program to monitor, report on and review the effectiveness of the Offset Management Plan;


a description of potential risks to the successful implementation of the offset/s, and contingency measures that would be implemented to mitigate against these risks; and


details of the mechanism to legally secure the environmental offset/s.28/02/2018066. The approval holder must legally secure the environmental offset/s within three (3) years from the commencement of the clearance of habitat suitable for the Koala (Phascolarctos cinereus) (combined populations of Qld, NSW and the ACT) and Greater Glider (Petauroides volans) and Squatter Pigeon (Southern) (Geophaps scripta scripta) habitat.14/08/2020077. The approval holder must not clear habitat suitable for the Koala (Phascolarctos cinereus) (combined populations of Qld, NSW and the ACT) and Greater Glider (Petauroides volans) and Squatter Pigeon (Southern) (Geophaps scripta scripta) habitat until the Minister has approved the Offset Management Plan.28/02/2018There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

