

Squibbs Road Drainage Improvements, Spreyton, Tas











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending011. The approval holder must not carry out construction outside of the project area at Squibbs Road, Spreyton, or the offset site at Clayton Drive, Spreyton.10/01/2020022. To minimise impacts to the Central North Burrowing Crayfish, the approval holder must:

only undertake construction when a qualified ecologist is present; and
undertake excavation, salvage and translocation of Central North Burrowing Crayfish in accordance with the Standard Operating Procedure and the Management, Monitoring and Offset Plan.10/01/2020033. The approval holder must implement the Management, Monitoring and Offset Plan.10/01/2020044. To compensate for the expected loss of Central North Burrowing Crayfish in the project area, prior to any construction, all Central North Burrowing Crayfish from the project area must be salvaged and translocated to the prepared translocation area of the offset site in accordance with the Standard Operating Procedure.10/01/2020055. A suitably qualified person must conduct monitoring during works and, within one month of the end of salvage and translocation, provide a report to the Department on the number of Central North Burrowing Crayfish:

salvaged alive;
euthanised or that died as a result of the action; and
successfully translocated.10/01/2020066. A qualified ecologist must monitor the Central North Burrowing Crayfish colonisation of the project area and the offset site after the completion of works. The approval holder must submit reports detailing Central North Burrowing Crayfish colonisation of the project area and the offset site to the Department at one month, six months, twelve months, twenty-four months and five years after commencement of the action. Each report must specify the total number of Central North Burrowing Crayfish alive at the translocation area of the offset site and the number of individuals colonising the project area.10/01/2020077. If the outcomes of the action are not fully achieved within 2 years from the date of commencement of the action, in accordance with Section 7.6 of the preliminary documentation, the approval holder must implement contingency measures to ensure the translocation of Central North Burrowing Crayfish is successful, including:

Additional side drains and creeks on the offset site;
Additional earthworks to retain water and increase habitat capacity at the offset site;
The implementation of a revised offset management plan, approved by the Minister in writing within 2 years and 6 months from the commencement of the action, to increase the Central North Burrowing Crayfish colony at the offset site.10/01/2020088. The approval holder must notify the Department within 5 years of the commencement of the action if the outcomes of the action have not fully been achieved and submit to the Department a report regarding why the outcomes of the action have not been achieved. If outcomes have not been fully achieved within 5 years of the commencement of the action, the approval holder must, within 6 years of the commencement of the action, establish an additional offset site in accordance with an offset management plan approved by the Minister in writing to increase another Central North Burrowing Crayfish colony.10/01/2020There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

