

Park Ridge residential, mixed use and medium impact industry precinct, Park Ridge, Queensland











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending05Environmental Offset requirements
To compensate for the clearing of up to 89.83 ha and the functional loss of 28.01 ha of Koala habitat and Grey-headed Flying-fox foraging habitat, the approval holder must:

Legally secure at least 151.3 ha of land at the Burnett Creek Offset site and at least 250.4 ha of land at the Lyons Offset site and commence Offset site management activities prior to undertaking any clearing at the development area.
Within 20 business days of legally securing at least 151.3 ha of land at the Burnett Creek Offset site, and at least 250.4 ha of land at the Lyons Offset site, provide the Department with written evidence demonstrating that the Burnett Creek Offset site and Lyons Offset site have been legally secured (e.g. legal security documentation), shapefiles and the offset attributes.
Legally limit uses and permissible activities at Burnett Creek Offset site and Lyons Offset site such that the quality of Koala habitat and Grey-Headed Flying-fox foraging habitat  at the Burnett Creek Offset site and Lyons Offset site cannot lawfully be reduced.23/11/202006Baseline survey information
Within 6 months from the date of this approval, the approval holder must complete baseline surveys of the Burnett Creek Offset site and the Lyons Offset site. The baseline surveys must be conducted by a Suitably qualified field ecologist in accordance with a scientifically valid, robust, and repeatable methodology, and include the following:

The vegetation condition attributes for each Regional Ecosystem, specifying the baseline habitat quality assessment data for each operational management unit, as applied in the preliminary documentation;
The number and condition of winter or spring flowering Grey-headed Flying-fox foraging species across the Burnett Creek Offset site and Lyons Offset site;
The Species Stocking Rate for the Koala and the Grey-headed Flying-fox;
The extent of weed cover;
The number of non-native predators in each season, including in areas adjacent to the Burnett Creek Offset site and Lyons Offset site;
The number of Koala mortalities attributable to non-native predators; and
The baseline conditions in respect of each of the outcomes specified in conditions 9–11.23/11/202007For the protection of the Koala and the Grey-headed Flying-fox, the approval holder must exclude all livestock from both the Burnett Creek Offset site and Lyons Offset site prior to any clearing in the development area, and maintain this for the period of effect of the approval.23/11/202008Within one month of the completion of baseline surveys at Burnett Creek Offset site and Lyons Offset site, the approval holder must:

Publish all survey data (including survey methodology and dates) from the baseline surveys required under condition 6;
Submit an Offset Monitoring and Reporting framework prepared by a Suitably qualified field ecologist for approval by the Minister. The Offset Monitoring and Reporting framework must include (but is not limited to):

the ecological outcomes specified in conditions 9–11 (including key milestones and baseline survey results);
management measures proposed to achieve the ecological outcomes specified in conditions 9–11;
for each management action and monitoring outcome, detail how and when performance will be quantified, measured and monitored;
detail contingency measures to be implemented if some or all of the specified milestones in conditions 9–11 are not achieved.


The approval holder must publish the approved Offset Monitoring and Reporting framework on the website within 20 business days of approval by the Minister.23/11/202009Offset site pest and weed management
The approval holder must apply relevant Offset site management activities at both the Burnett Creek Offset site and Lyons Offset site to:

Relative to baseline survey results, achieve a 95% reduction in the numbers of non-native predators by the end of year 5; and
Reduce the extent of weed cover to less than 20% of baseline survey results by the end of year 5; and to less than 5% of baseline survey results by the end of year 10.23/11/202010Burnett Creek Offset site
The approval holder must apply assisted natural regeneration to achieve the following outcomes in all operational management units at the Burnett Creek Offset site:

Average recruitment of woody perennial species in the ecologically dominant layer greater than 50% of the benchmark for relevant Regional Ecosystems present by the end of year 5 and to an average greater than 75% of the benchmark for relevant Regional Ecosystems present by the end of year 15.
Average native tree species richness must be >50% of the benchmark for relevant Regional Ecosystems present by the end of year 5 and be >90% of the benchmark for relevant Regional Ecosystems present by the end of year 15.
Average tree canopy cover must be greater than 30% of the benchmark for relevant Regional Ecosystems present by the end of year 5 and increase to between 50% and 200% of the benchmark for relevant Regional Ecosystems by the end of year 15.
The number of large trees must be greater than 30% of the benchmark for relevant Regional Ecosystems present by the end of year 5, and between 50% and 100% of the benchmark for relevant Regional Ecosystems present by the end of year 15.
An increase in Koala density above average Koala density by the end of year 15.
An average of at least 6 different winter or spring flowering Grey-headed Flying-fox foraging species present in each assessment plot by the end of year 15.23/11/202011Lyons Offset site
The approval holder must apply assisted natural regeneration to achieve the following outcomes in all operational management units at the Lyons Offset site:

Average recruitment of woody perennial species in the ecologically dominant layer greater than 50% of the benchmark for relevant Regional Ecosystems present by the end of year 5 and to an average greater than 75% of the benchmark for relevant Regional Ecosystems present by the end of year 15.
Average native tree species richness must be greater than 90% of the benchmark for relevant Regional Ecosystems by the end of year 10.
Average tree canopy cover must be between 50% and 200% of the benchmark for relevant Regional Ecosystems by year 10.
The number of large trees must be greater than 25% of the benchmark for relevant Regional Ecosystems present by the end of year 10, and between 50% and 100% of the benchmark for relevant Regional Ecosystems present by the end of year 15.
An increase in Koala density above in average Koala density by the end of year 15.
An average of at least 6 different winter or spring flowering Grey-headed Flying-fox foraging species present in each assessment plot by the end of year 15.23/11/202012The approval holder must maintain each environmental outcome specified under conditions 9, 10 and 11 from the time that it is first achieved, for the remainder of the period of effect of the approval.23/11/202013For each of the Burnett Creek Offset site and Lyons Offset site, the approval holder must engage a Suitably qualified independent expert to undertake an assessment at the end of each of year 5, year 10, year 15, and year 20 as to whether each outcome required under conditions 9, 10 and 11 has been, or is likely to be, achieved in accordance with the condition requirements, and provide advice of any circumstance/s which they consider is/are affecting the achievement of each outcome. The findings of each assessment must be documented and published within 3 months of the end of the particular period in which the assessment is undertaken and be provided to the Department within 5 business days of being published.23/11/202014If, at any time during the period of effect of the approval, the Minister is not satisfied that any of the requirements and/or outcomes under the conditions of approval, including (but not limited to) conditions 9, 10 and 11, have been or are likely to be achieved or maintained, the Minister may require the approval holder to submit a corrective action plan for the Burnett Creek Offset site and/or Lyons Offset site for the Minister’s approval, or to monitor, manage, avoid, mitigate, offset, record and/or report on, impacts to the Koala and/or the Grey-headed Flying-fox.

The Minister may set a timeframe in which the corrective action plan must be submitted and suitable for approval, may require that the corrective action plan be prepared and/or reviewed by an suitably qualified independent expert and may specify consequences for the approval holder if the corrective action plan is not suitable for approval within the specified timeframe.
The approval holder must implement the corrective action plan approved by the Minister in writing.23/11/2020There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

