

Youth Justice Redevelopment Project, Cherry Creek, 10 kms south west of Werribee, VIC.











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending05Environmental Offsets
5. To compensate for the loss of 28.23 hectares of NTGVVP and 35.66 hectares of Golden Sun Moth habitat, at the construction area, prior to commencement of construction, the approval holder must:


Enter into a written bond agreement with Trust for Nature requiring Trust for Nature to hold funds in trust for the purpose of securing and managing an offset area. A copy of the bond agreement must be provided to the Department within seven days following execution.


Provide a sum of $9,000,000 (excluding GST) to Trust for Nature to be held until such time as the offset area is identified and secured in accordance with condition 6a, at which time that sum will form the basis of the payment to purchase environmental services for the offset area.


The arrangements for the provision and expenditure of the funds must be set out in the written bond agreement.    


If the cost of purchasing environmental services is greater than $9,000,000 the approval holder must provide additional funds to Trust for Nature as required by the bond agreement.

If the cost of purchasing environmental services is less than $9,000,000 the surplus funds must be returned to the approval holder as required by the bond agreement.20/11/2018077. Prior to executing the Credit Trading Agreement under condition 6, the approval holder must submit to the Department an Offset Management Plan for the offset area.


The approval holder must obtain the Minister’s approval for the Offset Management Plan before executing a Credit Trading Agreement.


The Offset Management Plan must be prepared by a suitably qualified person and be consistent with the Department’s Environmental Management Plan Guidelines, and the EPBC Act Environmental Offset Policy.


The Offset Management Plan must demonstrate how the offset area and Environmental Services will compensate for the loss of 28.23 hectares of NTGVVP and 35.66 hectares of Golden Sun Moth habitat consistent with the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy.


The Offset Management Plan must include, but not be limited to:


a description of the offset area including location, size, condition, environmental values present and surrounding land uses.


baseline data and other supporting evidence that documents the presence and baseline quality of the NTGVVP and Golden Sun Moth habitat within the offset area.


maps and shapefiles of the offset area.


specific objectives to demonstrate NTGVVP and Golden Sun Moth habitat quality improvement over the period of the Offset Management Plan’s implementation.


specific management actions, and timeframes for implementation, to be carried out to meet specific objectives to improve the quality of the NTGVVP and Golden Sun Moth habitat within the offset area.


key performance indicators to demonstrate the improvement to the quality of NTGVVP and Golden Sun Moth habitat.


the nature, timing and frequency of monitoring to determine the success of management actions against key performance indicators.


indicative corrective actions that will be implemented in the event monitoring activities indicate key performance indicators are not or are unlikely to be achieved.


the roles and responsibilities for implementing the management actions.


Evidence of consistency with relevant conservation advices, recovery plans and/or threat abatement plans.


maintain or improve the extent and quality of habitat and populations of other EPBC Act listed threatened species and ecological communities in the offset area.20/11/2018There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

