

Surat North CSG Project, Qld











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending11Environmental Offsets 
11. The approval holder must prepare an Offset Management Plan that details the provision of offsets in accordance with the Offset Assessment Guide values. If offsets in accordance with the Offset Assessment Guide values cannot be provided, an alternative offset or offsets must be proposed. The Offset Management Plan must:

be prepared by a suitably qualified person, and in accordance with the principles of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy and the Department’s Environmental Management Plan Guidelines;
demonstrate how the offsets compensate for the impacts of the action in accordance with the Offset Assessment Guide values and consistent with the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy; and
include, but not be limited to:

 

baseline data that validates the habitat quality score of the South-eastern Long-eared Bat (Nyctophilus corbeni) habitat, Koala (Phascolarctos cinereus) (combined populations of Qld, NSW and the ACT) habitat and Greater Glider (Petauroides volans) habitat cleared for the purpose of undertaking Stage 1 in the Offset Assessment Guide values. The approval holder may also elect to provide baseline data that validates the habitat quality score of the South-eastern Long-eared Bat (Nyctophilus corbeni) habitat, Koala (Phascolarctos cinereus) (combined populations of Qld, NSW and the ACT) habitat and Greater Glider (Petauroides volans) habitat cleared for the purpose of undertaking Stage 2 in the Offset Assessment Guide values in the Offset Management Plan;
a description of the offsets, including location, size, condition, environmental values present and surrounding land uses;
baseline data and other supporting evidence that documents the presence, suitability and baseline quality of the South-eastern Long-eared Bat (Nyctophilus corbeni) habitat, Koala (Phascolarctos cinereus) (combined populations of Qld, NSW and the ACT) habitat and Greater Glider (Petauroides volans) habitat within the offset area/s;
maps and shapefiles of the offset area/s;
specific objectives to demonstrate South-eastern Long-eared Bat (Nyctophilus corbeni) habitat, Koala (Phascolarctos cinereus) (combined populations of Qld, NSW and the ACT) habitat and Greater Glider (Petauroides volans) habitat quality improvement over the life of the approval;
specific management actions, and timeframes for implementation, to be carried out to meet the specific objectives to improve the quality of the South-eastern Long-eared Bat (Nyctophilus corbeni) habitat, Koala (Phascolarctos cinereus) (combined populations of Qld, NSW and the ACT) habitat and Greater Glider (Petauroides volans) habitat within the offset area/s;
key performance indicators to demonstrate the improvement to the quality of the South-eastern Long-eared Bat (Nyctophilus corbeni) habitat, Koala (Phascolarctos cinereus) (combined populations of Qld, NSW and the ACT) habitat and Greater Glider (Petauroides volans) habitat within the offset area/s;
the nature, timing and frequency of monitoring to determine the success of management actions against key performance indicators;
the timing for the provision of an annual monitoring report to the Department. The monitoring report must include data relating to the key performance indicators and provide a table of management measures taken during the previous 12 month period;
an assessment of risks that the key performance indicators and/or plan objectives will not be met and identification of the sources of those risks and strategies for managing them;
indicative corrective actions that will be implemented in the event monitoring activities indicate key performance indicators are not or are unlikely to be achieved;
the roles and responsibilities for implementing the management actions;
evidence of consistency with relevant conservation advices, recovery plans and/or threat abatement plans.9/12/20191212. The approval holder must not commence clearing of South-eastern Long-eared Bat (Nyctophilus corbeni) habitat, Koala (Phascolarctos cinereus) (combined populations of Qld, NSW and the ACT) habitat or Greater Glider (Petauroides volans) habitat associated with Stage 2 unless the Minister has approved the Offset Management Plan in writing. The approval holder must implement the approved Offset Management Plan.9/12/20191313. The approval holder must legally secure the offset area/s proposed in the Offset Management Plan approved by the Minister within 9 months of the date of the Minister’s approval of the Offset Management Plan.9/12/20191414. If the approval holder did not provide baseline data that validates the habitat quality score of the South-eastern Long-eared Bat (Nyctophilus corbeni) habitat, Koala (Phascolarctos cinereus) (combined populations of Qld, NSW and the ACT) habitat and Greater Glider (Petauroides volans) habitat cleared for the purpose of undertaking Stage 2 in the Offset Assessment Guide values under Condition 11(c)(i), the approval holder must, within 50 months of the approval of the Offsets Management Plan, submit a Revised Offset Management Plan to the Minister for written approval.9/12/20191515. The Revised Offset Management Plan must constitute a revision of the approved Offset Management Plan and include baseline data that validates the habitat quality score of the South-eastern Long-eared Bat (Nyctophilus corbeni) habitat, Koala (Phascolarctos cinereus) (combined populations of Qld, NSW and the ACT) habitat and Greater Glider (Petauroides volans) habitat cleared for the purpose of undertaking Stage 2. If the residual impact of the action on listed threatened species and communities is greater than that predicted in the approved Offset Management Plan, as demonstrated through the habitat quality score of the areas cleared for the purpose of undertaking Stage 2, an offset or offsets to compensate for the additional residual impact must be provided. Any additional offset or offsets must be consistent with the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy. The Minister may request specified changes to the revised Offsets Management Plan, and specify a timeframe to make the changes. If the Minister requests changes, the approval holder must make the specified changes to the revised Offsets Management Plan and resubmit it within the specified timeframe. The approval holder must implement that Revised Offset Management Plan.9/12/20191616. The approval holder must legally secure the offset area/s proposed in the approved Revised Offset Management Plan within 12 months of the date of the Minister’s approval of the Revised Offset Management Plan.
Note 1: Offsets for some species may be accommodated within ecological communities or overlap State approval requirements or other species habitat requirements, as long as they meet the requirements of these conditions of approval in respect to impacts to each individual listed threatened species and communities being offset.
Note 2: The Minister may determine that offsets approved by the Queensland Government satisfy the requirements for offsetting listed threatened species and communities as long as any required offsets comply with the principles of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy or an equivalent Queensland Government offsets policy that ensures the maintenance and protection of listed threatened species and communities.9/12/2019There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

