

Willowbank Industrial Park Trunk Water Main, Ipswich, Qld











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending033. To compensate for the clearing of 1.0 hectares of Swamp Tea-tree (Melaleuca irbyana) Forest of South-east Queensland, the approval holder must:

Legally secure a minimum of 8.4 hectares of land at the Willowbank Offset Area, and commence implementing the Offset Management Plan prior to undertaking any clearing at the development area;
Not cease, halt, pause, or delay implementing the Offset Management Plan for the life of this approval, except with the prior written agreement of the department or if there is a real threat to human life that requires a change to the implementation schedule of the Offset Management Plan;
Within 20 business days of legally securing the Willowbank Offset Area, provide the department with written evidence demonstrating that the Willowbank Offset Area has been legally secured (e.g. legal security documentation)and the offset attributes;
Ensure that the quality of the Swamp Tea-tree (Melaleuca irbyana) Forest of South-east Queensland at the Willowbank Offset Area does not decline at any point from the quality score assessed in the preliminary documentation.

Unless advised otherwise in writing by the department, quality must to be determined as a score out of 10, measured and calculated in accordance with the Guide to determining terrestrial habitat quality. A toolkit for assessing land based offsets under the Queensland environmental Offsets Policy (Version 1.2, April 2017), issued by the then-Queensland Department of Environment and Heritage Protection, subject to the following modifications:

The total score from the “site condition scoring” elements, at Table 2 of the Guide, is to be divided by the maximum possible score for those elements, and expressed as a score out of 7.
The total score from the “site context scoring” elements, at Table 3 of the Guide, is to be divided by the maximum possible score for those elements, and expressed as a score out of 3.
Items 2, 3, 4, and 5 of Table 2 of the Guide (being “Native plant species richness” for trees, shrubs, grasses, and forbs respectively) are to be scored as 0 points for less than25% of the benchmark, 2.5 points for greater than or equal to 25% of the benchmark but less than or equal to 90% of the benchmark, and 5 points for greater than 90% of the benchmark.
The “Distance to permanent watering point” element in Table 3 of the Guide must be excluded from calculations of site quality.6/04/2021044. Publish the Willowbank Offset Area Annual Report on the approval holder’s website each year, within forty (40) business days following the relevant 12 month period until the end of year 7, and then publish one report for every 24 month period, within forty (40) business days following the relevant 24 month period, for the life of this approval.6/04/2021055. The approval holder must demonstrate to the Minister’s satisfaction that the extent of weed cover across the entire Willowbank Offset Area is less than 5% at the end of year 5, and then maintained at or below this level for the remaining period of effect of this approval.6/04/2021066. By the end of year 1, the approval holder must protect the Willowbank Offset Area from the intrusion of livestock. This must include, at a minimum, installing fencing preventing any livestock access to the site. The fencing must be maintained in a condition sufficient to continue preventing access by livestock to the site for the period of effect of this approval.6/04/2021077. The approval holder must restore Regional Ecosystem 12.3.18 at the Willowbank Offset Area by planting 8.4 hectares of new Swamp Tea-tree (Melaleuca irbyana) Forest of South-east Queensland, and achieve the following outcomes:


The restored area must meet the definition of the Swamp Tea-tree (Melaleuca irbyana) Forest of South-east Queensland as listed under the EPBC Act, and this must be achieved before the completion of the action;
Complete all planting and direct seeding of new Swamp Tea-tree (Melaleuca irbyana) Forest of South-east Queensland by the end of year 1;
Coarse woody debris must be greater than 90% but less than 110% of the benchmark for Regional Ecosystem 12.3.18 by the end of year 3, and the presence of coarse woody debris must be kept within this range for the remainder of the period of effect of this approval;
Average recruitment of woody perennial species in the ecologically dominant layer must be greater than or equal to 75% of the benchmark for Regional Ecosystem 12.3.18 by the end of year 7, and must be subsequently maintained at or above this rate of recruitment for the remainder of the period of effect of this approval;
Native plant species richness trees must be greater than or equal to 100% of the benchmark for Regional Ecosystem 12.3.18 by the end of year 5, and subsequently maintained at or above 100% of the benchmark for Regional Ecosystem 12.3.18 for the remainder of the period of effect of this approval;
Native plant species richness shrubs must be greater than or equal to 100% of the benchmark for Regional Ecosystem 12.3.18 by the end of year 5, and subsequently maintained at or above 100% of the benchmark for Regional Ecosystem 12.3.18 for the remainder of the period of effect of this approval;
Large trees to be greater than or equal to 36% of the benchmark for Regional Ecosystem 12.3.18 for the remainder of the period of effect of this approval;
Tree canopy cover must be greater than or equal to 60% of the benchmark for Regional Ecosystem 12.3.18 by end of year 7, and subsequently maintained at or above 60% of the benchmark for Regional Ecosystem 12.3.18 for the remainder of the period of effect of this approval; and
Tree canopy median height must be greater than or equal to 30% of for the benchmark for the relevant Regional Ecosystem 12.3.18 by end of year 10, and subsequently maintained at or above 30% of the benchmark for Regional Ecosystem 12.3.18 for the remained of the period of effect of this approval.6/04/2021088. The approval holder must engage a suitably qualified field ecologist to undertake an assessment at the end of each of year 5, year 7, year 10 and year 15 to determine whether each outcome required under conditions 5 – 7 of this approval has been, or is likely to be achieved in accordance with the condition requirements, and provide advice of any circumstance/s which they consider is/are affecting the achievement of each outcome. The findings of each assessment must be documented and published on the website within 3 months of the end of the particular period for which the assessment is undertaken, and must be submitted to the department within 10 business days of being published.6/04/2021099. If, at any time during the period of effect of this approval, the Minister is not satisfied that any of the requirements and/or outcomes under the conditions of approval, including (but not limited to) conditions 5 – 7, have been or are likely to be achieved or maintained, the Minister may require the approval holder to submit a corrective action plan for the Willowbank Offset Area for the Minister’s approval, or to monitor, manage, avoid, mitigate, offset, record and/or report on, impacts to the Swamp Tea-tree (Melaleuca irbyana) Forest of South-east Queensland.

The Minister may specify a timeframe in which the corrective action plan must be submitted and suitable for approval, may require that the corrective action plan be prepared and/or reviewed by a suitably qualified independent expert and may specify consequences for the approval holder if the corrective action plan is not suitable for approval within the specified timeframe. Without limitation, those consequences may include a finding that the approval holder has breached these conditions of approval, a revocation of this approval, a requirement to cease all works associated with the action, a direction to undertake specific corrective actions within a particular timeframe, or a requirement to provide a replacement offset site within a particular timeframe.
The approval holder must implement the corrective action plan approved by the Minister in writing.6/04/2021There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

