

Latrobe Levee











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending03The approval holder must carry out habitat creation and enhancement within the offset areas.04The approval holder must place the offset areas on the Latrobe Council’s asset register as a
bushland reserve prior to commencement of the action, and must maintain their status on the
register for the duration of the approval.05The approval holder must ensure that the offset areas are zoned as either ‘Open Space Zone’ or
‘Environmental Management Zone’ as described in the Latrobe Interim Planning Scheme 2013 for
the duration of the approval.06To minimise impacts to the Central North Burrowing Crayfish, the approval holder must engage a
suitably qualified ecologist to salvage and translocate all Central North Burrowing Crayfish
present in the project area within three months prior to the commencement of the action.07Within 6 weeks following salvage and translocation of the Central North Burrowing Crayfish, the
approval holder must provide a report to the department that specifies the number of Central
North Burrowing Crayfish that have been identified by a suitably qualified ecologist as:
a. successfully salvaged,
b. successfully translocated,
c. euthanised during salvage and translocation, and
d. died during salvage and translocation.08The approval holder must implement the OMMP.09To adequately monitor the success of the OMMP, the approval holder must engage a suitably
qualified ecologist to:

a. Conduct burrow counts and photopoint monitoring of the translocation areas within 24 hours

after the completion of salvage and translocation, and at 2, 6, 12, and 26 weeks after the

completion of translocation.

b. Conduct burrow counts and photopoint monitoring of the offset areas at 6, 12, 36, 52 weeks

after the completion of salvage and translocation, and then once every 12 months until five

years after the completion criteria are met.

c. Conduct burrow counts and photopoint monitoring at burrows and Central North Burrowing

Crayfish habitat within the indirect impact monitoring areas one week prior to the

commencement of the action, at 1, 36 and 52 weeks after the completion of construction, and

then once every 12 months for 3 years.10If Central North Burrowing Crayfish burrows or Central North Burrowing Crayfish habitat within
the indirect impact monitoring areas are found to be degraded, the approval holder must, within
two months of such detection, submit to the department for the Minister’s approval, a revised
version of the OMMP describing the extent and cause of the degradation and proposed
contigency actions (if necessary) to ensure that within 2 years, the Central North Burrowing
Crayfish burrow counts and Central North Burrowing Crayfish habitat return to their condition
prior to commencement of the action.

i. If within two months of submission of the revised OMMP to the department, the revised
version of the OMMP is found to be inadequate by the Minister, the Minister may
appprove a version of the OMMP revised by the department. The approval holder must
then implement the approved OMMP for the remainder of the life of this approval.11The approval holder must meet the completion criteria within 10 years from the commencement
of the action. If the completion criteria are not met within this time, within 3 months, the
approval holder must submit to the department for approval, a revised OMMP that incorporates
proposed adaptive management measures that will ensure that completion criteria are met.
i. If within two months of submission of the revised OMMP to the department, the revised
version of the OMMP is found to be inadequate by the Minister, the Minister may
appprove a version of the OMMP revised by the department. The approval holder must
then implement the approved revised OMMP for the remainder of the life of this
approval and the completion criteria must be met at least 12 months prior to the expiry
date of this approval.There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

