

Aldoga Solar Farm Project











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending05Environmental offsetsOffset Area Management Plan
5. The approval holder must, prior to commencement of the Action, submit to the department for the written approval of the Minister an Offset Area Management Plan (OAMP).27/09/2022066. The OAMP must specify how the approval holder will compensate for impacts of the Action to Koala habitat, Squatter Pigeon habitat and Greater Glider habitat in accordance with the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy to the satisfaction of the Minister.27/09/2022077. The OAMP must be prepared by a suitably qualified ecologist.27/09/2022088. To ensure that the offsets required for Koala habitat, Squatter Pigeon habitat and Greater Glider habitat provide a conservation gain in accordance with the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy, the completion criteria specified in the approved OAMP must be achieved within 20 years of the commencement of the Action and then be maintained or improved for the duration of the approval.27/09/2022099. The approval holder must not commence the Action until the OAMP has been approved in writing by the Minister.27/09/20221010. The approval holder must implement the OAMP approved by the Minister prior to the commencement of the Action and for the remainder of the approval.27/09/20221111. The OAMP must include:
 
a. a summary of the residual impacts of the Action on Koala habitat, Squatter Pigeon habitat and Greater Glider habitat (including impacts on habitat quality) which will be offset. This summary must include the area of habitat, condition and habitat quality of Koala habitat, Squatter Pigeon habitat and Greater Glider habitat at all impact sites which each particular offset site/s is to address;
b. a description of the proposed offset site/s, including location, size, condition, current habitat quality of habitat of the relevant protected matters, environmental values present and surrounding land uses;
c. a table of commitments made in the OAMP to achieve the ecological benefits for Koala habitat, Squatter Pigeon habitat and Greater Glider habitat, and a reference to where these commitments are detailed in the OAMP;
d. the mechanism by which and the timing by when (being no later that 24 months after the commencement of the Action) the offset site/s will be secured in perpetuity;
e. the approval holder must notify the department within 5 business days of the mechanism to secure the offset site/s having been executed, and provide documentary evidence to demonstrate the securement of the offset site/s;
f. baseline data of the offset site/s, including results from field validated surveys, and quantifiable ecological data on habitat quality for Koala habitat, Greater Glider habitat and Squatter Pigeon habitat and other supporting evidence that documents the presence of Squatter Pigeon and potential presence of Koala and Greater Glider;
g. details of how the offset/s will provide connectivity with other habitats, populations and biodiversity corridors and/or will contribute to a larger strategic offset for Koala, Squatter Pigeon and Greater Glider;
h. maps and shapefiles to clearly define the location and boundaries of the offset site/s, accompanied by offset attributes; and
i. specific offset completion criteria derived from the site habitat quality to demonstrate the improvement in the quality of Koala habitat, Squatter Pigeon habitat and Greater Glider habitat within the environmental offset sites over the period of life of this approval required to meet the requirements of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy.27/09/20221212. The OAMP must contain details of the management Actions, and timeframes for implementation, to be undertaken to achieve the offset completion criteria specified in the OAMP including but not limited to:
 
a. Weed and feral animal control;
b. interim milestones that set targets at 5-yearly intervals for progress towards achieving the offset completion criteria;
c. the nature, timing and frequency of monitoring to inform progress against achieving the 5-yearly interim milestones (the frequency of monitoring must be sufficient to track progress towards each set of milestones, and sufficient to determine whether the environmental offset is likely to achieve those milestones in time to implement any necessary corrective Actions);
i. timing for the submission of monitoring reports which provide evidence demonstrating whether the interim milestones and offset completion criteria are likely to be, and/or have been, achieved, including a firm commitment to notify the department in writing 1 year in advance of the end of the approval if the completion criteria will not be achieved within 20 years of the commencement of the Action; and
ii. timing for the implementation of corrective Actions if monitoring activities indicate the interim milestones will not be, or have not been, achieved.
 
d. a risk analysis and a risk assessment and mitigation strategy for all risks to the successful implementation of the OAMP and timely achievement of the offset completion criteria, including a rating of all initial and post-mitigation residual risks in accordance with the risk assessment matrix; and
e. evidence of how the management Actions and corrective Actions take into account relevant approved conservation advices and are consistent with any relevant recovery plans and threat abatement plans.27/09/20221313. To ensure that the offsets required for Koala habitat, Squatter Pigeon habitat and Greater Glider habitat provide a conservation gain in accordance with the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy, the completion criteria specified in the approved OAMP:
 
a. must be achieved within 20 years of the commencement of the Action; and
b. once achieved, must be maintained or improved for the remaining duration of the approval.27/09/20221414. The approval holder must, within 20 business days of the 20th anniversary of the commencement of the Action:
 
a. submit to the department a report detailing the area and condition of Koala habitat, Squatter Pigeon habitat and Greater Glider habitat in all offset area(s) specified in the approved OAMP; and
 
b. notify the department in writing of any completion criteria at any offset area(s) specified in the approved OAMP that have not been achieved and the likely reasons that these completion criteria have not been met.27/09/2022There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

