

Specimen Hill Wind Farm











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending05Prior to commencement of the action, the approval holder must submit to the department, for the approval of the Minister, an Offset Area Management Plan (OAMP) proposing the environmental offset area(s) for Koala habitat, Cycas megacarpa habitat, Greater Glider habitat, Squatter Pigeon breeding habitat and Collared Delma habitat to the satisfaction of the Minister.06The approval holder must:a. not commence the action until the OAMP has been approved by the Minister;b. commence implementing the OAMP upon commencement of the action; andc. continue implementing the approved OAMP for the remaining duration of the approval.07The OAMP must:a. be in accordance with the Environmental Offsets Policy;b. be prepared by a suitably qualified ecologist;c. include the details outlined in Attachment B; andd. be attached to the legal mechanism used to secure the environmental offset area(s). Each offset area(s) must be secured within 12 months of the commencement of the action. The approval holder must notify and provide evidence to the department within 5 business days of any environmental offset area(s) being secured.08To ensure that the offsets required for Koala habitat, Cycas megacarpa habitat, Greater Glider habitat, Squatter Pigeon breeding habitat and Collared Delma habitat provide a conservation gain in accordance with the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy, the completion criteria specified in the approved OAMP:a. must be achieved within 20 years of the commencement of the action; andb. once achieved, must be maintained or improved for the remaining duration of the approval.09The approval holder must, within 40 business days of the 20th anniversary of the commencement of the action:a. submit to the department a report detailing the area and condition of Koala habitat, Cycas megacarpa habitat, Greater Glider habitat, Squatter Pigeon breeding habitat and Collared Delma habitat in all offset area(s) specified in the approved OAMP; and b. notify the department in writing of any completion criteria at any offset area(s) specified in the approved OAMP that have not been achieved and the likely reasons that these completion criteria have not been met.10If any completion criteria specified in the approved OAMP have not been achieved, within 4 months of the 20th anniversary of the commencement of the action, the approval holder must submit to the department for approval of the Minister, a Supplementary Offset Area Management Plan (SOAMP) to the satisfaction of the Minister.11The SOAMP must:a. be in accordance with the Environmental Offsets Policy;b. be prepared by a suitably qualified ecologist; c. contain the information specified in Attachment B; and d. detail the additional and/or revised management measures that will be implemented to compensate for the shortfall in required completion criteria for the offset area(s).12The approval holder must implement the approved SOAMP immediately upon approval by the Minister.13The approval holder must secure any offset area(s) specified in an approved SOAMP within 12 months of the SOAMP approval date. The approved SOAMP must be attached to the legal mechanism used to secure the relevant offset area(s).14The offsets for the impacts of the action on Cycas megacarpa habitat provided under conditions 5-13 must provide EITHER:a. a direct land-based offset that fully meets the requirements of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy; ORb. a direct, land-based offset that meets at least 90% of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy requirements in respect of the Cycas megacarpa habitat impacts to the satisfaction of the Minister AND a Cycas megacarpa research project as an indirect offset that meets approximately 10 % of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy requirements in respect of the Cycas megacarpa habitat impacts.There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading...

<
1
2
>

 Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

