

Queensland Pacific Metals - Townsville Energy Chemicals Hub TECH Project











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending06To compensate for the residual significant impact to the Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat, Southern Black-throated Finch and Squatter Pigeon (southern), the approval holder must submit to the department for approval by the Minister an Offset Management Plan. The Offset Management Plan must, to the satisfaction of the Minister, meet the principles, expectations and requirements of the Environmental Offsets Policy and the Environmental Management Plan Guidelines. The approval holder must not commence the action until the Offset Management Plan has been approved by the Minister in writing.  07The approval holder must implement the Offset Management Plan approved by the Minister for the remaining duration of the approval.  08The Offset Management Plan must: 
include detailed information on the residual impacts to listed threatened species. This must include the area(s) of habitat for listed threatened species and its condition and quality within the premises which the offset(s) is to address;  
identify a suitable environmental offset(s) for the impacts on listed threatened species, and provide detailed baseline information on the proposed offset(s) and commit to achievable ecological benefits, and timeframes for their achievement, for the proposed offset(s); 
include timebound management actions that will be implemented to achieve the ecological benefits for relevant listed threatened species; 
include a monitoring program, which must include: 
evidence that effectively determine progress towards, attainment of and maintenance of the ecological benefits for the listed threatened species; 
measurable performance indicators to monitor attainment of the ecological benefits for the listed threatened species; 
trigger values for corrective actions; 
the timing and frequency of monitoring to detect trigger values and changes in the performance indicators; 
include reporting and review mechanisms, and documentation standards to inform others annually regarding compliance with management and environmental commitments, and attainment and maintenance of ecological benefits, as specified in the Offset Management Plan; 
include a reference to the EPBC Act approval conditions to which the Offset Management Plan refers;  
include a table of commitments made in the Offset Management Plan to achieve the ecological benefits for the relevant listed threatened species, and a reference to where the commitments are detailed in the Offset Management Plan; 
include an assessment of risks to achieving the ecological benefit(s) and what risk management strategies will be applied to address these; 
propose corrective actions to ensure ecological benefits for the listed threatened species are attained or maintained, if trigger values are reached or performance indicators not attained; and  
specify referenced plans and applicable conditions of approval (including State approval conditions), if any, and how these can be accessed. 09The approval holder must legally secure the environmental offset area(s) within 12 months from the date that the Offset Management Plan is approved by the Minister. The approved Offset Management Plan must be attached to the legal mechanism used to legally secure the offset area(s). 10The approval holder must notify the department within 5 business days of the legal security mechanism being executed. 11The legal mechanism used to legally secure the offset area(s) must remain in force for the remaining duration of the approval. There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

