

Stuart Industrial Subdivision











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending055. To compensate for the residual significant impact on Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat habitat due to the clearance of Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat habitat in the permanent impact area, the approval holder must:a. submit to the Department for approval by the Minister an Offset Management Plan, to the satisfaction of the Minister;b. not commence the action until the Offset Management Plan has been approved by the Minister in writing; andc. implement the Offset Management Plan approved by the Minister.06The approval holder may include measures in the Offset Management Plan to improve Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat site habitat quality and condition in temporary impact areas, but only to the extent that any such proposed measures and site habitat quality gains are additional to what is required under conditions 3 and 4.077. The Offset Management Plan must:a. meet the requirements of the Environmental Offsets Policy and the Environmental Management Plan Guidelines;b. Include detailed information on the residual impacts to Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat that will be offset. This must include the area(s) of habitat for protected matters and its condition and quality at all impact sites which the offset is to address;c. Identify a suitable environmental offset(s) for the impacts to Bare-rumped Sheathtail Bat, and provide detailed baseline information on the proposed offset(s) and commit to achievable ecological benefits, and timeframes for their achievement, for the proposed offset(s);d. Include timebound management actions that will be implemented to achieve the ecological benefits for relevant protected matters;e. Include a monitoring program, which must include:I. evidence that effectively determines progress towards, attainment of and maintenance of the ecological benefits for the protected matters;II. measurable performance indicators to monitor attainment of the ecological benefits for the protected matters;III. trigger values for corrective actions; andIV. the timing and frequency of monitoring to detect trigger values and changes in the performance indicators;f. Include reporting and review mechanisms, and documentation standards to inform others annually regarding compliance with management and environmental commitments, and attainment and maintenance of ecological benefits, as specified in the Offset Management Plan;g. Detail how the offset(s) will be protected, and ecological benefits maintained, in perpetuity;h. Include a reference to the EPBC Act approval conditions to which the Offset Management Plan refers;i. Include table of commitments made in the Offset Management Plan to achieve the ecological benefits for relevant protected matters, and a reference to where the commitments are detailed in the Offset Management Plan;j. Include an assessment of risks to achieving the ecological benefit(s) and what risk management strategies will be applied to address these;k. Propose corrective actions to ensure ecological benefits for the protected matters are attained or maintained, if trigger values are reached or performance indicators not attained; andl. Specify referenced plans and applicable conditions of approval (including State approval conditions), if any, and how these can be accessed.08The approval holder must legally secure the environmental offset area(s) within 12 months from the date that the Offset Management Plan is approved by the Minister. The approved Offset Management Plan must be attached to the legal mechanism used to legally secure the offset area(s).09The approval holder must notify the Department within 5 business days of the legal security mechanism being executed.10The legal mechanism used to legally secure the offset area must remain in force in perpetuity.There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

