  
  
  Drake Open Cut Coal Mine
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ Offset Name
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Under review.
  Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close
  
  
  
  No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending05Biodiversity Offset Management Plan 
  5) The approval holder must submit a Biodiversity Offset Management Plan (BOMP) to the Department for the Minister's approval, outlining how offsets to address the residual impacts to the Squatter Pigeon (southern), Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant) and Ornamental Snake will be managed. The approved BOMP must be implemented.22/04/2014066. The BOMP must be submitted for approval within twelve months after the commencement of construction. Clearing of EPBC Act listed species and communities must not occur until the BOMP is approved by the Minister in writing.22/04/2014077. The BOMP must include, but is not limited to:
  
  maps of the offset area/s inclusive of the distribution and extent (in hectares) of the EPBC Act listed species and communities to be offset in electronic Geographic Information System format
  evidence that the offsets have been calculated and comply with the requirements of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy
  details of how the offset area/s have been or will be legally secured to provide long-term protection
  detailed on-ground surveys, complying with relevant survey guidelines, and description of the baseline condition, attributes and values of the offset area/s with respect to EPBC Act listed species and communities
  management measures (including timing, frequency and longevity) for each of the EPBC Act listed species and communities and other vegetation within the offset area/s with written evidence of input from a suitably qualified expert who has relevant expertise in the management of native vegetation of the Bowen Basin
  details of how the management measures align with the relevant Conservation Advice, Recovery Plans and Threat Abatement Plans for the EPBC Act listed species and communities to be offset
  discussion of connectivity of the offset area/s with other habitats and biodiversity corridors
  a description of the risks to the successful implementation of the BOMP, including mitigation measures and residual risk ratings
  a monitoring program for the offset area/s which must:
  
  clearly set out performance indicators and milestones
  detail how the success of the management measures against the performance indicators and milestones will be measured, recorded and reported
  include monitoring scope and parameters, timing, frequency, triggers and corrective actions
  detail how adaptive management strategies will be incorporated v) outline how compliance will be reported vi) detail who will be undertaking monitoring, reporting, review, and implementation of the BOMP (if this person is not the approval holder).22/04/2014088. The BOMP must be updated, within a timeframe specified by the Minister, to include any changes to the offsets approved by the Minister. Updates must be consistent with the requirements in Condition 7.22/04/2014099. The approval holder must, within two years of the commencement of construction (or as required under relevant Queensland legislation), register a legally binding conservation mechanism to provide long-term protection to the offset area/s approved by the Minister in the BOMP.
  Note 1: To ensure efficiency the approval holder may prepare and align the BOMP required under the conditions of approval with the requirements of the Biodiversity Offset Strategy required under the Queensland Environmental Authority, as long as the relevant matters under the conditions of this approval are clearly and adequately addressed.22/04/2014There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close
  