  
  
  Maules Creek Coal Project
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
- 
- 
- 
- Offset Name
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Under review.
  Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close
  
  
  
  No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending09Direct Offsets9. The person taking the action must register legally binding conservation covenants over offset areas containing, to the satisfaction of the Minister, no less than:
   
  a. 9,334 ha that must be managed to achieve equivalent or better quality habitat for the regent honeyeater, swift parrot and greater long-eared bat; and
  b. 5,532 ha of the White Box—Yellow Box—Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland critically endangered ecological community, that must be managed to achieve equivalent or better quality.
  Note: the 5,532 ha of White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely’s Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland critically endangered ecological community may be included within the 9,334 ha of offset areas for the threatened species if it meets the listing criteria for the EPBC-listed critically endangered ecological community as defined in the EPBC listing advice for that community and the requirements of condition 9.21/10/20221010.  The person taking the action must verify through independent review the quantity and condition class of White Box—Yellow Box—Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community and the quantity and quality of habitat for the regent honeyeater, swift parrot and greater long-eared bat within all offset areas proposed in the Environmental Assessment, as specified at Attachment B of these conditions, and any additional offsets as required under condition 11. Details of all independently verified offset areas proposed in the Environmental Assessment must be submitted to the Minister for approval by 30 December 2013. The findings of the independent review must be published on the website of the person taking the action and remain published until the expiry of this approval.21/10/202212AOffset Management Plans 
  12A. The person taking the action must submit to the Minister for approval an Offset management plan for all of the offset areas proposed in the Environmental Assessment, specified in Attachment B, within 12 months of this approval. The approved Offset management plan must be implemented for all of the offset areas proposed in the Environmental Assessment, specified in Attachment B, and any offset areas agreed as a result of independent verification process as specified in conditions 10 and 11, unless the Minister agrees to the removal of any specific properties as an offset area under this approval.
  If, after 31 October 2021, the Minister informs the person taking the action that the submitted Offset management plan is not suitable for approval, the Minister may, after 30 December 2021, approve a version of the Offset management plan revised by the Department.
  Note: for consistency, the person taking the action may develop a Biodiversity Management plan that includes the requirements set for managing offsets and set out in these conditions, to align with the requirements of the NSW state government Project Approval dated 23 October 2012 (application number 10_0138) and this approval.24/03/202112C12C.  Each offset management plan must include, but not be limited to, the following:
  
  a text description and map which clearly defines the location and boundaries of the offset areas. This must be accompanied by the offset attributes and shapefiles;
  a description of the methodology and results of surveys measuring the baseline ecological conditions in the offset areas. This must be consistent with the State and Transition Model and include but not be limited to:
  
  the extent and condition of all vegetation communities, including a description of the structure, floristics and tree age class representation of each community;
  the extent and condition class of all areas of the White Box—Yellow Box—Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community;
  surveys targeting the regent honeyeater, swift parrot and greater long-eared bat;
  the extent and quality of all areas of habitat for the regent honeyeater, swift parrot and greater long-eared bat;
  the location of all survey sites (including co-ordinates);
  photo reference points at survey sites.
  
  
  clearly defined ecological management objectives for the offset areas;
  detailed description of all ecological management activities proposed to be undertaken, including maps and/or diagrams showing areas to be managed and the timing of the proposed activities;
  details of ongoing ecological monitoring programs, performance criteria, targets and provisions for adaptive management, including but not limited to:
  
  a set of measurable ecological indicators for detecting changes to the White Box—Yellow Box—Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community, including those that may be ascribed to ongoing water stress;
  a monitoring plan to assess the success of the management activities measured against the baseline condition. The monitoring must be statistically robust and able to quantify change in the condition of the White Box—Yellow Box—Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community and habitat for the regent honeyeater, swift parrot and greater long-eared bat. This should include the use of control sites and periodic ecological surveys to be undertaken by a qualified ecologist;
  a list of performance criteria based on the ecological management objectives for the White Box—Yellow Box—Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community and habitat for the regent honeyeater, swift parrot and greater long-eared bat;
  measures to exclude weeds from all offset areas for the period covered by this approval;
  a description of the potential risks to successful management against the performance criteria, and a description of the contingency measures that would be implemented to mitigate against these risks;
  a process by which to report to the department the progress of management activities undertaken in the offset areas and the outcome of those activities, including identifying any need for improved management and activities to undertake such improvement.
  
  
  details of all parties responsible for management, monitoring and implementing the management activities, including their position or status as a separate contractor;
  details of the funding requirements for the ongoing management activities, including an estimate of the costs of the activities and details of the parties responsible for funding the activities.24/03/202113Mechanisms to protect offset areas
  13. The mechanism/s for registering a legally binding covenant must provide protection for the offset areas proposed in the Environmental Assessment as specified at Attachment B of these conditions, in perpetuity and be registered by 30 June 2021, unless the Minister agrees in writing to removal of any specific properties.
  Evidence of compliance with condition 13 must be provided to the Department within 30 days of registering a legally binding covenant.
  The person taking the action must report on progress meeting these requirements in each annual compliance report required under condition 34 and as otherwise requested by the Department.24/03/202114Mining activity affecting offsets areas
  14. If the person taking the action proposes to undertake any mining activity within or beneath areas secured in accordance with conditions 9, 13 and 13A, then approval to undertake that action must be obtained in writing from the Minister before undertaking any mining activity within or beneath such areas. In seeking the Minister’s approval, the person undertaking the action must provide a detailed assessment of the area where the mining activity is proposed to take place and an assessment of all associated adverse impacts on matters of national environmental significance. If the Minister agrees to the action within the offset areas, the area identified for the action must be excised from the offset area and alternative offsets secured by the person taking the action at a ratio of at least 20:1 in relation to the impact on matters of national environmental significance.
  Notes:
  (1) For the avoidance of any doubt, condition 14 does not apply to an offset area proposed in the Environmental Assessment, as specified at Attachment B of these conditions, if the Minister has agreed in writing to the removal of the property as an offset area pursuant to condition 13 of this approval.
  (2) In accordance with the EPBC Act, if the proposed mining activity is not part of the approved action, the proposed mining activity cannot be approved as part of this EPBC Act approval.24/03/2021There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close
  