

Wollombi Open Cut Coal Mine (Suttor Creek ML4761 Extension)











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending022. Within 12 months of the date of this approval, the person taking the action must submit for the Minister's approval a plan to offset the loss of 260 ha of Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant) ecological community and to manage this community. The plan must include:

a map detailing the location of the offset, its associated vegetation types, habitat values and infrastructure;
measures for the long-term protection of at least an equivalent existing area(s) of remnant or regrowth Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co- dominant) ecological community;
measures to survey and monitor the occurrence of flora and, fauna species including but not limited to: Ornamental Snake (Denisonia maculata), Southern Squatter Pigeon (Geophaps scripta scripta), Black-throated Finch (Poephila cincta cincta), and Black Ironbox (Eucalyptus raveretiana);
measures for weed and feral animal control, fire management, erosion and sediment control, exclusion of livestock, and restrictions on access;
the development and implementation of a monitoring program including performance criteria against which the effectiveness of this plan can be measured; and
a process to review and report on this plan and on any unplanned events which may impact the offset.

Stage 2 of coal mining operations (as defined by Annexure 3) must not commence until the plan has been approved. The approved plan must be implemented.20/11/2020033. Within 6 months of the date of this approval, the person taking the action must submit for the Minister's approval a plan to manage the remnant of Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant) ecological community. The plan must include:

a map detailing the location of the remnant, its associated vegetation types, habitat values and infrastructure;
measures to survey and monitor the occurrence of flora and fauna species including but not limited to: Ornamental Snake (Denisonia maculata), Southern Squatter Pigeon (Geophaps scripta scripta), Black-throated Finch (Poephila cincta cincta) and, Black Ironbox (Eucalyptus raveretiana);
measures for weed and feral animal control, fire management, erosion and sediment control, monitoring of edge effects, exclusion of livestock, restrictions on access and rehabilitation of internal roads and drilling pads;
the development and implementation of a monitoring program including performance criteria against which the effectiveness of this plan can be measured; and
a process to review and report on this plan and on any unplanned events which may impact the offset and the remnant.

Stage 2 of coal mining operations (as defined by Annexure 3) must not commence until the plan has been approved. The approved plan must be implemented.20/11/2020055. Within 12 months of the date of this approval, the person taking the action must submit for the Minister's approval a plan to research and establish best practice survey methodologies for Brigalow reptile species including Brigalow Scaly-foot (Paradelma orientalis), and Ornamental Snake (Denisonia maculata). The plan must include:

a desktop study and appraisal of known survey methodologies;
consideration of known habitat requirements including possible variation in microhabitat requirements between adults and juveniles;
consideration of environmental factors that may determine likelihood of detection;
measures to test the recommended methodologies;
consideration of the use of artificial habitat for the detection and monitoring of reptiles;
a process to review and report on this plan; and
a process of peer review and possible publication of the report. The report must be made publicly available.

The approved plan must be implemented.29/09/2006There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

