

Hinze Dam Upgrade











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending044. Propagated stock must be established within a suitable site or sites outside of the impact area.

The numbers of stock planted for each species must achieve a minimum 2 for 1 replacement rate prior to the inundation of Stage 3.
Stock must be translocated in accordance with best practice techniques.
A suitably qualified expert must conduct the translocation activities.30/04/2008055. The selection of sites on which to conduct propagation and translocation works must ensure that:

each species must be planted on sites that contain suitable habitat for that particular species, as determined by a suitably qualified expert, including consideration of:

proximity to the current site;
known geographic range of the target species;
soil type;
vegetation community
suitability for the target species, and how representative it is of the habitat to be cleared; and
potential threats at the site, including but not limited to fire, flood and disturbance;


if multiple suitable habitat sites are identified, populations are established at a number of sites both within the study area (outside of the proposed impact area) and external to the study area, to increase the distribution of the target species;
sites are in good ecological condition and consist of mature vegetation and/or advanced regrowth as determined by a suitably qualified expert, or have the potential to be significantly improved through specific and active management of threats. Any revegetation and rehabilitation works, where necessary, must occur prior to or in conjunction with the establishment of new individuals. These works must specifically address the protection and enhancement of habitat for the five listed flora species;
sites are secured for long term protection and active management, through mechanisms such as registered conservation covenants or transfer of title to a party with ongoing management responsibilities;
the density of plantings reflects the densities observed on the study site, or follows established best-practice techniques for each particular species.20/12/2007066. Ongoing monitoring, evaluation and management must occur at all sites to determine and ensure the success of translocation and propagation activities.

Within 12 months of the PTP commencing, the person taking the action must commission a suitably qualified expert to prepare a report detailing the PTP outcomes. The report must include:

the survival rate of plantings;
plant health and size;
reproductive status of plantings (including the number of plants producing flowers and/or fruit, and seed viability);
natural recruitment;
remedial actions, taken and proposed, for plant loss; and
the effectiveness of weed and pest control. Such reports must be prepared every 12 months until such time as the independent specialist determines that the new populations at all sites have demonstrated reproductive success and are self-sustaining in accordance with Condition 6.d. Reports must be provided to the Department within 3 months of the completion of the monitoring and evaluation.


Within the first 18 months following planting, all plantings which do not survive must be replaced. After the first 18 months, and until such time as a population is determined to be self-sustaining, if monitoring results indicate a mortality rate of plantings of 20% or greater, replanting must be undertaken to bring the total survival rate of all plantings up to at least 80%.
Monitoring of the outcomes listed in Condition 6.a must also occur for all populations that will be partially impacted by inundation, including those within 50 metres of the new full supply level. Monitoring must occur every 12 months, with a report provided to the Department within 3 months of the completion of monitoring. If greater than 10 of the existing population die within 3 years of the commencement of Stage 3 inundation, then an investigation must be conducted and a report provided to the Department outlining reasons for increased mortality and mitigation measures that will be implemented to reduce further impacts occurring.
Monitoring of plantings must be conducted quarterly until such time as a suitably qualified expert determines that 2 for 1 replacement for individuals of all five species has been achieved, newly established plants demonstrate reproductive success, and populations are considered to be self-sustaining.

 
Monitoring of the outcomes listed in Condition 6.a must also occur for all populations that will be partially impacted by inundation, including those within 50 metres of the new full supply level. Monitoring must occur every 12 months, with a report provided to the Department within 3 months of the completion of monitoring. If greater than 10 of the existing population die within 3 years of the commencement of Stage 3 inundation, then an investigation must be conducted and a report provided to the Department outlining reasons for increased mortality and mitigation measures that will be implemented to reduce further impacts occurring30/10/2012There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

