

Ellensfield Underground Coal Mine











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending055. The approval holder must submit a Yakka Skink Report for the written approval of the Minister. The Yakka Skink Report must demonstrate that the approved methodology was implemented to undertake a pre-clearance survey for the presence of Yakka Skink in all areas of Yakka Skink habitat that could be impacted by the mine infrastructure and ponding areas, including details of the survey timing and survey effort. If Yakka Skink presence is detected, the Report must include:

the coordinates for, and a map showing the location of, Yakka Skink individuals or colonies detected within the mine infrastructure and ponding areas; and
the condition of Yakka Skink habitat, and any associated microhabitat features, within a 200 m radius of any Yakka Skink records and/or colonies.7/06/201905A5A. The approval holder must not commence the action until the Yakka Skink Report has been approved by the Minister.
If the Yakka Skink Report approved by the Minister determined that Yakka Skink are not present within the mine infrastructure and ponding areas, then no offset for impacts to Yakka Skink habitat is required for the action.
If the Yakka Skink Report approved by the Minister determined that Yakka Skink is present within the mine infrastructure and ponding areas, then the approval holder must submit for approval by the Minister, within six months of commencement (or as otherwise agreed in writing by the Minister), a Yakka Skink Offset Strategy to compensate for impacts on Yakka Skink habitat identified in the approved Yakka Skink Report.7/06/201905B5B. The Yakka Skink Offset Strategy referred to in condition 5A:

must demonstrate that the proposed offset(s) meet the principles of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy;
must demonstrate how high value Yakka Skink micro habitat will be identified and delivered at potential offset areas;
may include a prioritized list of potential offset sites, only some of which may subsequently be secured as offsets, subject to detailed survey prior to submission of the Yakka Skink Offset Management Plan;
must propose timelines and mechanisms for legally securing the proposed offset area(s); and
must include details of how the Yakka Skink Offset Strategy will be updated to incorporate any new information or understanding of the Yakka Skink.

The approval holder must implement the approved Yakka Skink Offset Strategy.7/06/201905C5C. The approval holder must, within 6 months of submitting the Yakka Skink Offset Strategy specified in condition 5B, submit a Yakka Skink Offset Management Plan for the Minister’s written approval. The Yakka Skink Offset Management Plan must be consistent with the approved Yakka Skink Offset Strategy, and must include:

a field validation survey and baseline description of the current condition (prior to any management activities) of the offset area(s), including existing vegetation;
a description and map (including shapefiles) to clearly define the location and boundaries of the offset area(s), accompanied by the offset attributes;
information about how the proposed offset area(s) provides connectivity with other relevant habitats and biodiversity corridors;
commitment to ecological outcomes and offset completion criteria for Yakka Skink habitat and the timeframes in which these will be achieved;
a description of the management measures (including timing, frequency and duration) that will be implemented in the offset area(s);
a description of how proposed management measures take into account relevant approved conservation advices and are consistent with the measures contained in relevant recovery plans and threat abatement plans;
completion criteria and performance targets for evaluating the effectiveness of the Yakka Skink Offset Management Plan implementation, and criteria for triggering corrective actions;
a program to monitor and report on progress against the performance and completion criteria and review the effectiveness of the Yakka Skink Offset Management Plan; and
a description of potential risks to the successful implementation of the offset(s), and contingency measures that would be implemented to mitigate against these risks.

The approval holder must implement the approved Yakka Skink Offset Management Plan(s). The Minister may give notice to the approval holder of changes required to the Yakka Skink Offset Management Plan(s) for the plan to be suitable for approval by the Minister.7/06/201906Offset Management Plan
6. The approval holder must submit an Offset Management Plan for the written approval of the Minister. The approved Offset Management Plan must be implemented. The Offset Management Plan must be prepared by a suitably qualified person in accordance with the Department’s Environmental Management Plan Guidelines, and include:

details of environmental offset/s to compensate for the EPBC Act listed threatened species and communities habitat to be impacted as identified in condition 2a to 2c;
a description of the habitat condition to be impacted for the EPBC Act listed threatened species and communities habitat as identified in condition 2a to 2c;
details of how the proposed offset/s and Offset Management Plan meet the requirements of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy;
a field validation survey and baseline description of the current condition (prior to any management activities) of the offset area/s, including existing vegetation;
a description and map (including shapefiles) to clearly define the location and boundaries of the proposed offset area/s, accompanied by the offset attributes;
information about how the proposed offset area/s provide connectivity with other relevant habitats and biodiversity corridors;
a description of the management measures (including timing, frequency and duration) that will be implemented in each offset area/s;
a discussion of how proposed management measures take into account relevant approved conservation advices and are consistent with the measures contained in relevant recovery plans and threat abatement plans;
completion criteria and performance targets for evaluating the effectiveness of the Offset Management Plan implementation, and criteria for triggering corrective actions;
a program to monitor, report on and review the effectiveness of the Offset Management Plan;
a description of potential risks to the successful implementation of the offset/s, and contingency measures that would be implemented to mitigate against these risks; and
details of the mechanism to legally secure the environmental offset/s.7/06/2019077. The approval holder must legally secure the offsets within two (2) years from the commencement of the action. Within 10 business days of each offset area being legally secured, the approval holder must provide the Department with written evidence demonstrating that the offset has been legally secured and, if different from those originally provided, offset attributes and shapefiles that clearly define the location and boundaries of the offset areas.7/06/2019088. The approval holder must not commence the action until the Offset Management Plan has been approved by the Minister.9/11/2018There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

