

Port of Gladstone Western Basin Strategic Dredging and Disposal Project











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending38Offsets
38. The person taking the action must submit a Biodiversity Offset Strategy to the Minister for approval in order to offset unavoidable impacts to the values of the Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area and National Heritage Place, and EPBC Act listed threatened and migratory species. The strategy must include as a minimum the following requirements:

measures funded to not less than $5 million including, but not limited to:

funding for listed threatened and migratory species protection, habitat enhancement and restoration actions in the region or the wider bioregion such as 'seagrass friendly' mooring systems, wetland rehabilitation projects and water quality improvement programs;
actions to reduce fisheries netting pressure in Port Curtis and in adjacent waters; and
actions to reduce potential for coastal impacts such as commercial development in adjacent areas.


Details of the management arrangements and a map of the 3,000 hectares of land at Port Alma proposed for protection in perpetuity as an Environment Preservation Area;
A Strategic Vessel Management plan for Port Curtis that must include, but not be limited to:

measures that will regulate boating speeds and movement in Port Cutis in perpetuity, including ongoing funding for enforcement of the program;
the establishment of go slow zones; and
establish roles and responsibilities for implementation of the Plan.


Development of a seagrass conservation plan that must include, but not be limited to:

a map clearly illustrating the areas to be protected including the Wiggins/Mud Island seagrass beds, seagrass beds east of Quion Island and seagrass beds in Pelican Banks;
measures to ensure that the seagrass beds within the Port are protected from ongoing and future Port activity; and
commitments to ensure no further direct seagrass removal of the areas referred to in 38(d)i above, accounting for any increases in size of the mapped seagrassareas.


The strategy must include key milestones, performance indicators, actions and timeframes for the completion of all offsets outlined in the strategy
The strategy must be prepared with the advie of the Water Quality technical reference panel and the Ecosystem Research and Monitoring Program research advisory panel. The person taking the action must provide the written advice of thses panels when submitting the strategy for approval22/10/20103939. The person taking the action must make the findings, including related data, of any or all of these studies and activities publicly available upon request by any interested parties.22/10/20104040. The Biodiversity Offset Strategy referred to in condition 38 must be submitted to the Minster for approval by the Minister within 12 months of the date of this approval.22/10/20104141. After 21 months from the date of this approval (22 October 2010), the person taking the action must not undertake any dredging activities, land reclamation or construction activities unless the Minister has approved the Biodiversity Offset Strategy in writing. The approved Strategy must be implemented.17/04/2012There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

