

Eglinton/South Yanchep Residential Development











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending1010. To protect and enhance habitat for Carnaby’s Black Cockatoo that is retained on the proposal site within Regional Open Space and Public Open Space as described in condition 9:
(a) the person taking the action must prepare and submit for the Minister’s approval, within 12 months of the date of this approval, a Conservation Management Plan (the plan) which must include how the person taking the action will manage Regional Open Space and Public Open Space, up to when the land is transferred to other parties in accordance with condition 10(b). The plan must include:

measures to physically delineate areas that will be retained;
erosion and dust control measures during construction;
the management of weeds, Phytophthora dieback, bushfire and feral animals;
identification of any degraded habitat for Carnaby’s Black Cockatoo and how those areas will be managed and revegetated;
a monitoring program for Carnaby’s Black Cockatoo and its habitat;
performance indicators and corrective actions;
roles and responsibilities; and
timeframes for the implementation of the above measures.

If the Minister approves the plan, the approved plan must be implemented.
(b)

within 1 year of commencement of clearing within the stages abutting the Regional Open Space (being the ‘Regional Open Space’ shown in Attachment A), the person taking the action must provide the Department with written evidence, including certificates of title, that at least 185.4 ha of land (being the ‘Regional Open Space’ shown in Attachment A), has been transferred to the Western Australian conservation estate.
within 2 years of commencement of clearing within the stages abutting the Public Open Space (as shown in Attachment A), the person taking the action must provide the Department with written evidence, including certificates of title, that at least 4.64 ha of land (as shown in Attachment A), has been transferred to the Western Australian conservation estate or the City of Wanneroo as Public Open Space for the purpose of conservation.
within 2 years of commencement of clearing within the stages abutting the Indicative Public Open Space (as shown in Attachment A), the person taking the action must provide the Department with written evidence, including certificates of title, that at least 7.38 ha of land (as shown in Attachment A), has been transferred to the Western Australian conservation estate or the City of Wanneroo as Public Open Space for the purpose of conservation.

(c) within 5 years of the date of this approval, the person taking the action must provide funds to the DEC to assist in the management of Regional Open Space following the transfer of the land as described in conditions 10(b). The funding must be adequate for the DEC to maintain or improve the quality of Carnaby’s Black Cockatoo habitat retained in Regional Open Space (as marked in red and labelled ‘Retain’ in Attachment B) for at least 20 years. The person taking the action must consult with the DEC, in determining the amount of necessary funding to achieve the aims of this condition. Once the funding has been provided to the DEC, the person taking the action must provide written evidence of this to the Department.20/09/201911To mitigate impacts to Carnaby’s Black Cockatoo, the person taking the action must prepare and submit a Clearing and Revegetation Management Plan (the plan) for the Minister’s approval. The plan must include:

a commitment to the staged collection of native seed prior to clearing, from within Carnaby’s Black Cockatoo habitat proposed to be cleared, for use in revegetation on-site or at a site to be agreed by DBCA in revegetation as detailed in Condition 11(d);
a commitment to store native seed, and (excluding that which is required for revegetation on-site) transport it to a receiving site(s) or seed bank where revegetation is being undertaken by the DBCA or another receiving party (or parties);
detailed protocols for staged collection and use of native seed required by conditions 11(a) and 11(b) including:

the optimal methodology for native seed collection from the proposal site;
how clearing will be staged to best utilise the native seed resource for revegetation;
how native seed will be stored and transported; and
onsite supervision and implementation of monitoring mechanisms.


a commitment to revegetate at least 5 ha of native vegetation within Public Open Space or Regional Open Space on the proposal site or at a site to be agreed by DBCA using native seed collected in accordance with the protocols required by condition 11(c), along with:

survival targets proposed for plantings;
performance indicators and corrective measures;
roles and responsibilities; and
timeframes for the implementation and management of the above measures.


A commitment for at least 50% of plantings of trees and shrubs in street-scaping to consist of plants known to be primary feeding plants for Carnaby’s Black Cockatoo. Site selection for street-scaping must take account of any risk of vehicle strike to Carnaby’s Black Cockatoos.

If the Minister approves the plan, then the approved plan must be implemented.31/08/2021There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

