

Mt Todd Gold Mine proposal to reopen and operate mine











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending05.5. The Approval holder must prepare and submit a Gouldian Finch Offset Strategy (GFOS) for approval by the Minister to provide a framework for how the residual significant impacts to the Gouldian Finch will be offset and associated financial commitments. The Approval holder must not commence the action unless the Minister has approved the GFOS. The approved GFOS must be implemented. The GFOS must:



identify and assess threats to Gouldian Finch populations from the action and other sources, and outline options and priorities for addressing those threats as a basis for developing Offset Proposals (condition 6). To this end the GFOS must:


review relevant literature including approved conservation advices, recovery plans and threat abatement plans relevant to the Gouldian Finch and


identify, specify and evaluate the best available science and


specify and evaluate feedback obtained from relevant stakeholder consultations




considering 5(a), outline the:


need(s) of, and/or threat(s) to, Gouldian Finch populations to be addressed by Offset Proposals (condition 6)


relative priority of different threat abatement, recovery and research strategies and actions to address the need(s) or threat(s) outlined at (i)


conservation gains that can be captured by addressing the need(s) or threat(s) outlined at (i) via the strategies and actions outlined at (ii)


purpose(s) of, and the environmental outcomes and specific objectives to be achieved by, the GFOS




outline a process for developing, and a schedule for submitting, Offset Proposals to the Department for the written approval of the Minister (the schedule must provide for the full expenditure of offset contributions specified in Condition 7(a-c) by not later than 12 years after commencement)


describe how Offset Proposals will promote achievement of the environmental outcomes and specific objectives in the Yinberrie Hills region. For this purpose, the GFOS must:  


specify the extent of the Yinberrie Hills region;


outline how Offset Proposals will be identified, designed and implemented to maximise the likelihood of achieving the environmental outcomes and specific objectives in the Yinberrie Hills region; and


outline how the effectiveness of the GFOS will be monitored and reported.




schedule periodic assessments of the risk of failure to achieve the purpose and objectives of the GFOS – each periodic assessment must account for the results of the monitoring program required at condition 3, and the results of monitoring completed under Offset Proposals approved and implemented under condition 6


detail responsibilities and accountabilities including data handling, technical review, self-auditing and reporting requirements.10/11/2018066. To offset residual significant impacts to the Gouldian Finch, the Approval holder must submit Offset Proposals to the Department for approval.
Each Offset Proposal must:
a) be prepared by a suitably qualified expert(s) 
b) be consistent with the objectives of the approved Gouldian Finch Offset Strategy (GFOS, particularly condition 5b)
c) describe the purpose, and either the research question to be addressed (for research projects, herein ‘research’) or the environmental outcomes and specific objectives to be achieved (for threat abatement and recovery action projects, herein ‘projects’)
d) describe the research or the project:


where the research or project will occur (location)


the management proposed, including the activities to be completed, sufficient to confirm the scale, magnitude, sequencing and timeframes for each research or project activity, and the reporting (publication) of results


the tenure of the location, including by noting permissions obtained (or to be obtained) to conduct the research or project at the location


the ecological values and ecological condition to be improved (projects) or investigated (research) at the location


specify the views on the research or project of all land (or lease) holders controlling the location, traditional owners with responsibilities for the location, the Northern Territory Department of Environment and Natural Resources and any other relevant stakeholders consulted


specify how the Approval holder has responded to the views expressed by these people and organisations (under condition 6(d)(v))


provide a budget with costings itemised for research or project components


e) for projects, demonstrate that the project will:


be additional to the general duty of landholders to manage land effectively at the project location, and additional to natural resource management programs already being carried out at the project location


be consistent with other principles of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy - if relevant, details of how the Offset Proposal meets the criteria for research and educational programs identified in Appendix A of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy must be included


f) for projects, detail a monitoring program in accordance with the Department’s Environmental Management Plan Guidelines that includes, but is not limited to:


monitoring objectives, including for early warning and early control


variables to be measured


interim performance targets and completion criteria


monitoring methodology


precision and confidence of monitoring actions


management triggers


interpretation and analysis of monitoring data to inform the contingency response and corrective actions


for projects of over three years’ duration, details of an adaptive implementation program to review management measures and trigger management action considering monitoring data collected, to ensure environmental objectives will be attained and/or maintained


detail responsibilities and accountabilities including data handling, technical review, self-auditing and reporting requirements


g) if an Offset Proposals involves land acquisition, identify the land, describe its ecological values to Gouldian finch and outline a schedule of commitments required to:


acquire the land (or the lease)


establish the land (or the lease) as an area that can be managed exclusively and effectively for conservation - such as through installing fencing or other means of controlling access


provide evidence the land (or lease) can be formally (legally) protected for the purpose of conservation - suitable evidence includes (but is not limited to) letters from agencies administering conservation covenanting programs and pastoral leases confirming that the land (or lease) to be acquired can be destocked (if applicable), formally (legally) protected and managed exclusively and effectively for conservation


manage the land effectively for conservation and for the benefit of Gouldian Finch 


h) for research the Offset Proposal must:


Describe the research and why it will be beneficial to the conservation of the Gouldian Finch;


Detail who will be undertaking the research and their relevant expertise;


Detail timeframes for completion of the research;


Seek any relevant ethics clearances (if necessary);


Conduct the research to a standard that would allow the results to be published in a peer reviewed scientific journal;


Submit the research for publication in an approporiate peer reviewed scientific journal.


The approval holder must not commence an Offset Proposal until the Offset Proposal has been approved in writing by the Department. Unless otherwise agreed by the Department, approved Offset Proposals must be implemented.
For approved proposals, offset attributes and shapefiles of the location of the projects must be provided to the Department within 6 months of the approval of the project.19/01/2018077. To offset residual significant impacts to the Gouldian Finch, the Approval holder must undertake the Offset Proposals (condition 6) in accordance with the following requirements:
a) The value of Offset Proposals associated with direct impacts will be calculated as follows:


AUD $4000 (excluding GST) per hectare for the (up to 158 hectares of) clearing of breeding habitat for the Gouldian Finch within the Mt Todd Mineral Lease Area


AUD $3000 (excluding GST) per hectare for the (up to 458 hectares of) clearing of foraging habitat for the Gouldian Finch within and outside the Mt Todd Mineral Lease Area.


b) The value of expenditure on Offset Proposals must be adjusted annually in accordance with the Darwin Consumer Price Index (CPI) from 1 July 2018. The first adjustment is to be applied on 1 July 2018.
c) The Approval holder must have Offset Proposals submitted to the Department for approval to the total value of Offset Proposals by no later than seven years from commencement.19/01/2018088. The Approval holder must appoint, support and maintain a Technical Advisory Committee (TAC) to advise on the preparation and implementation of plans and strategies required in conditions 3, 5 and 6 of this approval. All members of the TAC must be a suitably qualified expert.
Terms of reference for the TAC must be developed by the Approval holder and must include:
a) roles and responsibilities
b) membership (including an independent chair)
c) timeframes for commencement
d) frequency of proposed meetings
e) quorum arrangements.
Terms of reference must be submitted to the Minister within two months of the date of this approval.
The TAC must review the management plan, strategy or project required under conditions 3, 5 or 6 of this approval prior to submission to the Department. A summary of comments from each TAC member, and a summary of how each TAC member’s comments have been responded to by the Approval holder, must be submitted to the Department with any management plan or strategy required to be approved by the Minister or the Department. The Minister may seek advice from the TAC at any time.19/01/2018099. The Technical Advisory Committee (TAC) (Condition 8) must review and endorse in writing annual reporting related to the plans and strategies required in Conditions 3 and 5 of this approval. All changes to monitoring activities conducted as part of the above plans must be endorsed in writing by the TAC prior to implementation (see also Condition 11 on revised management plans). All breaches must be reported to the Department within 30 days.
All breaches of the conditions of this approval must be reported to the TAC within 10 days of the breach occurring. All such reports must detail corrective action taken or proposed and include a re-assessment of impact after the corrective action has been implemented.19/01/2018There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

