

Rokeby Main Road Upgrade











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions











Offset Name








Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending022) To compensate for the residual loss of swift parrot foraging habitat, prior to the one (1) year anniversary of commencement of construction, the person taking the action must engage a suitably qualified expert to undertake ecological surveys and an assessment, during an optimal ecological time, of the Bicheno proposed offset site to determine:

the intensity and extent of impacts of the 2013 fire event on the Bicheno proposed offset site. These surveys must provide a discussion of the results in relation to: i) the historical fire frequency and intensity at the site; and ii) the ecological role of fire at the site.
prospects for recovery (including recovery milestones and estimated timing) of the Bicheno proposed offset site in terms of quality and extent of swift parrot foraging habitat;
ongoing management measures (including methods, standards and schedules wherever relevant) required to maintain or improve swift parrot foraging habitat at this site.

The results of the surveys and assessment must be provided to the department within three (3) months of completion of the surveys.19/08/2013033) In the event that the surveys required in condition 2 above show that the Bicheno proposed offset site does contain adequate swift parrot foraging habitat (as advised by the Minister), to compensate for the residual loss of swift parrot foraging habitat, prior to the three (3) year anniversary of the commencement of construction, the person taking the action must:

establish a reserve within the Bicheno proposed offset site, of no less than ten (10) hectares of swift parrot foraging habitat, using a legal mechanism appropriate to the long-term conservation of the site and approved in advance by the Minister;
commence implementation of the management measures, identified by the suitably qualified expert to maintain or improve swift parrot foraging habitat at this site under condition 2(c),
commence monitoring of the reserve, to be conducted by a suitably qualified expert during an optimal ecological time, annually until the expiry date of this approval, to determine:

the success of the management measures to maintain or improve the swift parrot foraging habitat against the baseline condition; and
changes in the quality of the swift parrot foraging habitat in the reserve against the baseline condition.


commence reporting to the department, annually until the expiry date of this approval, on surveys conducted under c) above; and
outline any additional offsets or measures to maintain or enhance the swift parrot foraging habitat in the reserve against the baseline condition.19/08/2013044) In the event that the surveys required in condition 2 above show that the Bicheno proposed offset site does not contain adequate swift parrot foraging habitat (as advised by the minister), to compensate for the residual loss of swift parrot foraging habitat, prior to the three (3) year anniversary of this approval, the person taking the action must:

identify a reserve of swift parrot foraging habitat in eastern Tasmania, or a location of equivalent or greater conservation measure, as agreed to by the Minister, that complies with the department's offset policy;
secure the site identified under a) above using a legal mechanism appropriate to the long-term conservation of the site and approved in advance by the Minister;
commence ongoing management measures (including methods, standards and schedules wherever relevant) as determined by a suitably qualified expert, required to maintain or improve foraging habitat for the swift parrot within the reserve;
commence monitoring of the reserve, to be conducted by a suitably qualified expert during an optimal ecological time, annually until the expiry date of this approval, to determine:

the success of the management measures to maintain or improve the swift parrot foraging habitat against the baseline condition; and
changes in the quality of the swift parrot foraging habitat on the reserve against the baseline condition.


commence reporting to the department, annually until the expiry date of this approval, on surveys conducted under d) above; and
outline additional offsets or measures to achieve the swift parrot foraging habitat against the baseline condition.19/08/2013There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

