

Paradise Waters Residential Estate, Gampian Drive, Deebing Heights











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending022. The approval holder must not remove Koala habitat within the areas referred to as "Conservation area - north", "Conservation area - south" and "Vegetation retained", and must install one-way koala fencing (depicted as "Northern Conservation Area Fencing") as shown in Annexure 1.17/12/2014033. To compensate for the loss of 92 ha of Koala habitat, the approval holder must secure and manage as Koala habitat, the following offset areas:


a minimum of 113.2 hectares of Koala habitat referred to as “Conservation area – north” and “Conservation area – south” in Annexure 1; and


a minimum of 88 ha of Koala habitat that is mapped as a category X area within the area described in RPS Report Number PR123497-1 provided to the Department via correspondence dated 18 August 2014 or an alaternative offset site approved by the Minister in writing.


The offset described in condition 3(ii) must be legally secured in accordance with Queensland legislation, within 2 years of commencement of the action.17/12/2014044. At least three months prior to commencement of the action, the approval holder must submit an Offset Management Plan (OMP) which has been reviewed by a suitably qualified person to the Minister for approval. The approval holder must not commence the action unless the Minister has approved the OMP in writing. The approved OMP must be implemented. The OMP must include, but not be limited to:


a detailed description of the offset areas required by Condition 3, consistent with the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy;


measures to protect, manage and rehabilitate Koala habitat in the offset areas, including but not limited to:


a map/maps showing areas to be managed;


timing of management activity for each area;


performance criteria for each area;


a monitoring plan to assess the success of the management activities measured against the baseline condition. This must include, but not be limited to, control sites and periodic ecological surveys to be undertaken by a suitably qualified person;


a risk assessment and a description of the measures that would be implemented to mitigate the identified risks;


the use of local provenance plants for rehabilitation, where planting is undertaken;


installing and maintaining fencing as necessary to prevent domestic livestock from entering offset areas while allowing koala movement;


exluding grazing from offset areas, except where necessary for bushfire prevention and control, for example by using crash grazing;


vegetation management including increasing abundance of Koala food trees and controlling weeds, including as shown in Annexure 2; and


undertaking regular koala predator control.




details of the offset attributes (including maps in electronic Geographic Information System (GIS) format with accompanying shapefiles), site descriptions, environmental values, connectivity with other Koala habitat and biodiversity corridors;


detailed surveys and descriptions of the offset areas to clearly identify baseline conditions and establish performance indicators. This must include:


a baseline description (prior to any management activities) of the current condition of the extant vegetation of each offset area, including the location of survey points (GPS reference);


the quantity of Koala habitat provided by the offset area;


The quality of Koala habitat found within the offset area (prior to any management activities);


vegetation condition mapping; and


photo reference points.




details of the parties responsible for managing, monitoring and implementing the OMP for the duration of this approval, including the minimum relevant experience and qualifications required for the relevant responsibilities.17/12/2014There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

