

Hartley Quarry Stage 2, NSW











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending022. To mitigate the impacts of the action on the Silver-leaved Mountain Gum, the approval holder must prepare and submit at least three (3) months prior to the commencement of the action, a mine site Silver-leaved Mountain Gum Management Plan (SLMGMP) for the Minister’s approval. The SLMGMP must contain:


Baseline data on the local Silver-leaved Mountain Gum population within the Austen Quarry Boundary, Disturbance area and Offset Area;


Measures to mitigate and manage impacts on the Silver-leaved Mountain Gum in the Disturbance area and Offset area that:


are for the life of the approval;


are complementary with the offsetting objectives and targets within the Biodiversity Offset Management Plan and other rehabilitation and offsetting activities within and adjacent to the Austen Quarry Boundary;


is in accordance with the approved Conservation Advice.


The SLMGMP should discuss, as a minimum, measures to avoid or manage impacts to Silver-leaved Mountain Gum relating to habitat loss, edge effects, disease prevention, feral pests, weed incursion, fire ecology and grazing; and actions promoting regeneration.


A program to monitor Silver-leaved Mountain Gum distribution and population size in the Offset Area;


Details of remedial actions where objectives and targets are not being achieved; and


Details of who will be responsible for monitoring, reviewing and implementing the SLMGMP.


The approval holder must not commence the action until the SLMGMP is approved by the Minister in writing. The approved SLMGMP must be implemented.19/10/2015033. To compensate for the loss of 721 individuals of Silver-leaved Mountain Gum, the approval holder must prepare and submit at least three (3) months prior to the commencement of the action, a Biodiversity Offset Management Plan (BOMP) for the proposed Offset Area, for the Minister’s approval. The BOMP must be prepared by a suitably qualified person and:
a. Identify the land described as the Offset Area at Schedule 2 of this notice that is necessary to achieve the outcomes required by the Environmental Offsets Policy 2012. This must include offset attributes, shapefiles, textual descriptions and maps to clearly define the location and boundaries of the Offset Area.
b. Provide a survey and description of the current condition (prior to any management activities) of the Offset Area identified in Condition 3a.
c. Detail management actions and regeneration and revegetation strategies to be undertaken on the Offset Area to increase the population of Silver-leaved Mountain Gum in this area, including:
i. a description and timeframe of measures that would be implemented to improve the condition of the ecological communities on the site;
ii. performance and completion criteria for evaluating the management of the Offset Area, and criteria for triggering remedial action;
iii. a program to monitor and report on the effectiveness of these measures, and progress against the performance and completion criteria;
iv. a description of potential risks to the successful implementation of the plan, a description of the measures that will be implemented to mitigate against these risks and a description of the contingency measures that will be implemented if defined triggers arise; and
v. details of who would be responsible for monitoring, reviewing, and implementing the plan.
The approval holder must not commence the action until the BOMP is approved by the Minister in writing. The approved BOMP must be implemented.19/10/2015044. To compensate for the loss of 721 individuals of Silver-leaved Mountain Gum, and ensure the ongoing conservation of a viable population of Silver-leaved Mountain Gum in the Offset Area, within 18 months of the date of this approval, the approval holder must secure the land(s) identified as the Offset Area as a biodiversity offset by a legal instrument under relevant nature conservation legislation on the title of the land. This instrument must:


provide enduring protection for the land that will survive transfer of ownership;


prevent any future development activities, including mining and mineral extraction;


ensure the active management of the land to achieve the outcomes identified; and


be provided to the Department within three (3) months of it being issued, as evidence of compliance with this condition.19/10/2015There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

