

Reconstruction of the Blackjack Creek Riparian Corridor/Channel











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending022. To assist in mitigating the impacts of the proposal on the koala and koala habitat, the person taking the action must prepare and submit a Vegetation Management Plan (VMP) for the Minister's written approval prior to commencement of the action. The VMP must include:

Management actions designed to rehabilitate lands disturbed by the action and improve its habitat value to Koalas. This must include all lands identified in the map at Schedule 1 of this notice as "Vegetation Riparian Zone".
Management actions designed to improve the koala habitat value , including area and quality, of offset areas identified in the map at Schedule 1 of this notice as "7.29ha Offset in Unvegetated portion of Wandobah Reserve". Including:

Planting of indigenous koala feed trees using locally sourced seed.
Evidence that the proposed management actions to improve koala habitat are effective at improving koala quality and area
A schedule of koala habitat restoration that compensates for the lag time between planting of trees and those trees having value as koala habitat.


An ecological monitoring program to monitor the success of the management actions in the VMP and define measurable targets of management actions, performance indicators, and an adaptive management framework for the duration of the action's impact on koala habitat.

The action must not commence until the VMP is approved by the Minister. The approved VMP must be implemented.22/11/2013033. To ensure the long term viability of the offset and mitigation measures the person proposing the action must prepare and submit a Management Plan for the whole of Wandobah Reserve for the Minister's written approval prior to commencement of the action. The Wandobah Reserve Management Plan must include:

Management actions designed to improve the value of the reserve for koala habitat, including:

Management of unauthorised access to and use of the reserve
Management of koala predators that may access the reserve


An ongoing ecological monitoring program to monitor the success of the management actions in the Wandobah Reserve Management Plan and define measurable targets of management actions, performance indicators, and an adaptive management framework for the duration of the actions impact on koala habitat.

The action must not commence until the Wandobah Reserve Management Plan is approved by the Minister. The approved Wandobah Reserve Management Plan must be implemented, reviewed annually and made available on the website of the person proposing the action for the duration of the impact on koala habitat.22/11/2013044. Prior to the commencement of the action the person taking the action must provide evidence to the Department of:

The land tenure of Wandobah Reserve including the legal mechanisms that ensure council are able to manage the site as an offset area for in perpetuity of the proposal on koala habitat.
Offset attributes, shapefiles and textual descriptions and maps to clearly define the location and boundaries of Wandobah Reserve.22/11/2013There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

