

Springvale Longwall Mine Extension Project, NSW











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending022. To minimise and compensate for impacts on Temperate Highland Peat Swamps, the approval holder must comply with the following conditions on the New South Wales development consent:



 schedule
condition
subject


3       
1
general performance measures and risk management and assessment


 2


 3
offsets for breach of performance measures 


 4
offsets for first undermined swamps 


 5
offsets for other undermined swamps   


 6


 10
extraction plans 


 11
 Independant Monitoring Panel


 5
 all
 notification of landowners and independent review15/10/2015055. To minimise impacts on Temperate Highland Peat Swamps, in addition to Conditions 4, 5 and 6 (Schedule 3) on the New South Wales development consent:


Greater than negligible environmental consequences on Temperate Highland Peat Swamps, and therefore offset liabilities, must be initially determined based on changes to the shallow groundwater aquifer as measured using piezometers in accordance with Conditions 6 to 10.


Where monitoring identifies a change to the shallow groundwater aquifer below an undermined Temperate Highland Peat Swamp and that change cannot be reasonably attributed to other specific factors to the satisfaction of the Minister, the swamp will be considered to have experienced a greater than negligible environmental consequence of the action.


90 per cent (by area) of offset liabilities for Temperate Highland Peat Swamps must be met with direct offsets, within the meaning of the Commonwealth offsets policy.


If after five (5) years, the approval holder can demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Minister that a greater than negligible environmental consequence on Temperate Highland Peat Swamps identified under Condition 5a has been reversed, has not eventuated or has only partially eventuated, whether due to active remediation or passive (natural) equilibration, any offsets already provided in relation to that identified consequence may be held by the approval holder and used to offset future liabilities.


Except in relation to Sunnyside East and Carne West Swamps, the approval holder must not commence longwall mining before the corresponding maximum predicted offset liability has been determined in accordance with Conditions 4 and 5 (Schedule 3) on the New South Wales development consent and approved in writing by the Minister.15/10/201514Administrative conditions 
14. The approval holder must provide the Department with details of each offset area secured in accordance with Conditions 3 to 5 (Schedule 3) or Conditions 15 and 16 (Schedule 4), on the New South Wales development consent, within twenty (20) business days of securing each offset. Details to be provided must include but are not necessarily limited to:


textual descriptions and maps to clearly define the location and boundaries of the offset areas


written evidence of legal protection


management plans


offset attributes and shapefiles15/10/2015There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

