

Bushmead Residential Development, Hazelmere, WA











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending088. To compensate for the loss of approximately 50 hectares (ha) of black cockatoo habitat, prior to the commencement of the action, the person taking the action must protect and manage for conservation the Conservation Area identified in Attachment 2.
Prior to the commencement of the action:
a. The person taking the action must modify the conservation covenant executed over parts of the Conservation Area on 15 June 2009, so that the entire Conservation Area is protected by a secure and enduring form of conservation covenant.
b. The modified covenant must be registered on the land title before the commencement of the action and once registered, its provisions must be implemented.
c. The person taking the action must provide evidence to the Department of the registration of the modified covenant, along with offset attributes, shapefiles and textual descriptions and maps to clearly define the location and boundaries of the offset site.17/06/2016099. The person taking the action must implement the Bushmead Conservation Management Plan (Plan), as approved by the Western Australian Department of Parks and Wildlife, to compensate for the loss of approximately 50 hectares (ha) of black cockatoo habitat and manage the potential indirect impacts of the action on the EPBC Act listed endangered Shrublands and Woodlands of the Eastern Swan Coastal Plain Threatened Ecological Community. The person taking the action must not commence the action unless the Western Australian Department of Parks and Wildlife has approved the Plan.17/06/20161010. The person taking the action must cede ownership of the Conservation Area identified in Attachment 2 to the Western Australian Department of Parks and Wildlife, within five (5) years of commencement of the action. The proponent must implement the requirements of Condition 9, to improve the quality of habitat within the Conservation Area to the satisfaction of the Western Australia Department of Parks and Wildlife, before ownership is ceded.17/06/20161111. If for any reason the Western Australian Department of Parks and Wildlife does not take ownership of the Conservation Area within five (5) years of the commencement of the action, Condition 10 ceases to apply and instead the person taking the action must:
a. notify the Department within 30 days of the five (5) year anniversary of commencement, that ownership has not been ceded to the Western Australian Department of Parks and Wildlife. 
b. provide for the continual protection and management of the Conservation Area identified in Attachment 2, for the life of the approval or until such time that ownership is ceded to the Western Australian Department of Parks and Wildlife; and
c. update the Plan referenced in Condition 9 to reflect the proposed changes in the management of the Conservation Area. The updated Plan must identify how the future management of the Conservation Area will be undertaken and must be submitted for the approval of the Minister. Once approved by the Minister, the person taking the action must implement the Plan.17/06/20161212. The person taking the action has stated their objective to retain all potential nesting trees within the project area. If any potential nesting trees are cleared, however, the person taking the action will compensate for their loss by installing at least three (3) artificial nesting hollows for black cockatoos within the Conservation Area, for every potential nesting tree cleared. The design, placement and method used to install the artificial nesting hollows must be in accordance with relevant artificial hollow guidance material.17/06/2016There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

