

Staged redevelopment of 215 and 325C Cooper Street, Epping, Victoria











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending022. Prior to the commencement of the action, to compensate for the loss of up to 5.42 ha Golden Sun Moth habitat, the approval holder must provide documentary evidence to the Department that the impact has been offset by a 5.42 ha MUD Policy Offset in accordance with the Melbourne Urban Development Policy.24/05/2019033. To compensate for the loss of 17.39 ha of Growling Grass Frog habitat, the approval holder must implement the Growling Grass Frog Offset Strategy, and ensure that a viable population of the Growling Grass Frogs is maintained at the proposed offset areas for 10 years.24/05/2019044. Prior to the commencement of the action, the approval holder must prepare Offset Management Plans for the onsite and offsite offset areas proposed in the Growling Grass Frog Offset Strategy. The approval holder must not commence the action until both Offset Management Plans have been prepared. The Offset Management Plans must be provided to the Department within 14 days of the Offset Management Plans being prepared. Each Offset Management Plan must be implemented for the life of the approval. Each Offset Management Plan must:

be prepared by a suitably qualified expert
be prepared in accordance with the principles of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy, and be consistent with the Growling Grass Frog Offset Strategy
include timelines and mechanisms for legally securing the offset area(s)
provide a written description and map that clearly defines the location and boundaries of the offset area(s). This must be accompanied by the offset attributes and shapefile(s)
include a description, based on adequate surveys, of the current Growling Grass Frog population within each offset area, and the condition (prior to any management activities) of each offset area, including existing habitat (the baseline condition)
detail timeframes, management actions, and strategies for:

maintaining a viable population of Growling Grass Frogs within the onsite offset; and
for the creation, regeneration and/or revegetation of Growling Grass Frog habitat within the proposed onsite and offsite offset areas.


management actions and strategies must include:

performance and completion criteria for evaluating the management of the offset area, and criteria for triggering remedial action and contingency responses
a program to monitor and report on the effectiveness of these measures, and progress against the performance and completion criteria
a description of potential risks to the successful implementation of the plan, a description of the measures that will be implemented to mitigate against these risks and a description of the contingency measures that will be implemented if defined triggers arise
specify the timing and frequency of management actions, reporting and implementation of contingency responses and corrective actions, and the person/s responsible.5/11/2019055. Within 14 days of the offset(s) required under condition 3 being legally secured, the approval holder must provide the Department with written evidence demonstrating that the offset(s) has/have been legally secured.24/05/2019066. Within three (3) months following the third and fourth anniversary of the commencement of the action, the approval holder must provide a report demonstrating that a viable population of Growling Grass Frog has been maintained at the onsite offset site (as required under the Growling Grass Frog Offset Strategy). The report must be prepared by a suitably qualified expert.24/05/2019There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

