

Mirvac Greater Flagstone Project - Master Planned Development, Greenbank, Qld











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending04Within three (3) months of the commencement of stage 1 of the action, the approval holder must submit, for approval by the Minister, an Offset Strategy to compensate for the loss of 230 ha of Koala and Grey-headed Flying-fox habitat. The approval holder must not commence stage 2 of the action until the Offset Strategy has been approved by the Minister in writing. The approved Offset Strategy must be implemented. The approved Offset Strategy must:


be prepared by a suitably qualified person
be prepared in accordance with relevant approved conservation advices, recovery plans and threat abatement plans
demonstrate that the proposed offset area(s) meets the principles of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy and Environmental Management Plan Guidelines
include timelines and mechanisms for legally securing the offset area(s)
provide a written description and map that clearly defines the location and boundaries of the proposed offset area(s) for Koala and Grey-headed Flying-fox habitat (must be accompanied by the offset attributes and shapefiles)
demonstrate that there is a real potential for Koala and Grey-headed Flying-fox to utilise the offset area(s), including through (but not limited to):

habitat suitability
connectivity with other habitats including biodiversity corridors that contain Koala
proximity to known Grey-headed Flying-fox camps.


describe relevant baseline information regarding the offset area(s), based on surveys undertaken (prior to offset management commencing), including (but not limited to) quantification of the existing extent and quality of habitat for the Koala and Grey-headed Flying-fox present within the offset area(s) (the baseline condition)
include time bound commitments to ecological outcomes and offset performance and completion criteria (including milestones) for achieving ecological outcomes for the Koala and Grey-headed Flying-fox
detail the management actions and regeneration and revegetation strategies to be undertaken at the offset area(s) to achieve the ecological outcomes and offset performance and completion criteria, including:





the timing and frequency of these measures, and person(s) responsible
a program to monitor and report on the effectiveness of these measures, including monitoring and reporting progress against the ecological outcomes and offset performance and completion criteria at an appropriate time and frequency
criteria for triggering adaptive management actions, contingency measures and corrective actions if the ecological outcomes and offset performance and completion criteria are not achieved, and the timing and frequency and person(s) responsible
details of the potential risks to the successful implementation of the plan and measures that will be implemented to mitigate against these risks, and
the person(s) responsible for monitoring, reviewing and implementing the Offset Management Plan.11/10/201905For the protection of the Koala, the approval holder must ensure that any offset area(s) will provide and/or establish a robust and diverse ecosystem that:


contains habitat that provides both shelter and food resources relevant to the Koala, and
has a real potential to promote Koala breeding.11/10/201906The approval holder must ensure that the revegetation of Koala food trees at the offset area(s) will utilise seeds collected from Koala food trees found within the offset area(s), or directly adjacent to the offset area(s), and preferably that also have evidence of Koala utilising them for feeding.11/10/2019There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

