

Miralga Creek Project, Pilbara region, WA











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending11If, after considering any information provided by the approval holder by the deadline nominated by the Minister under condition 10 and any other information available to the Minister, the Minister is reasonably satisfied that there has been a failure, the Minister will notify the approval holder of the18/02/202112Within 4 months of being notified by the Minister of a failure, the approval holder must submit for the Minister’s approval, a draft Offset Strategy consistent with the principles of the Environmental Offsets Policy. Should the Minister approve the draft Offset Strategy, the approval holder must implement the approved Offset Strategy. The approval holder must commence implementation of the approved Offset Strategy within 2 months of the approval of the draft Offset Strategy by the Minister in writing, or another time as agreed in writing by the18/02/202113The draft Offset Strategy to be provided for the Minister’s approval, if required by condition 12, must be a framework for how the residual significant impacts to the Ghost Bat and Northern Quoll specified in condition 8 will be offset and must detail:

how the strategy will meet the outcomes specified under condition 9(a), including the extent to which the outcomes have been addressed prior to any failure;
how it accounts for relevant approved conservation advices, recovery plans and threat abatement plans; 
the party to be responsible for implementing the proposed offset;
the location and nature of the proposed offset;
detailed objectives, outcomes, and timeframes for their achievement;
budget;
performance and completion criteria for evaluating conservation or research outcomes;
has project monitoring (with indicators and measures) that demonstrates achievement of the outcomes, reporting on agreed outputs/offset activities and includes evaluation;
a description of the potential risks to the successful implementation of each proposed offset (including but not limited to environmental, administrative, financial, and governance risks);
a description of the measures that will be implemented to mitigate risk associated with each proposed offset and a description of the contingency actions that will be implemented if performance or completion criteria are not met;
processes to adaptively manage the proposed offset;
how the proposed offset is consistent with the Environmental Offsets Policy; and
how the measures will be implemented as part of the Offsets Strategy to ensure they have no detrimental impact on any threatened species listed under the EPBC Act.18/02/202114If the Minister considers that a draft Offset Strategy consistent with the requirements specified by condition 13, has not been received within 4 months of the approval holder being notified by the Minister of a failure under condition 11, the Minister may notify the approval holder:

that the Offset Strategy does not adequately offset the impacts to the Ghost Bat and/or Northern Quoll;
that it must submit a draft Offset Strategy to the Minister that is suitable for approval;
to cease any clearing Critical habitat for Ghost Bat and/or Northern Quoll and/or suitable foraging habitat for the Ghost Bat; and/or
to cease taking the action or part of the action.

Recommencement of clearing or the action or part of the action, can occur once the Minister agrees in writing that the requirements of condition 13 have been satisfied.18/02/2021There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

