

Bussell Highway Duplication Hutton to Sabina











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending04To compensate for the residual significant impacts to western ringtail possums, black cockatoos and the tuart TEC, the approval holder must:

acquire and secure for use as an offset site the entirety of Lots 200 and 201 West Boundary Road, Manjimup, Western Australia (being the areas respectively outlined red and yellow in Attachment B)
acquire and secure for use as an offset site at least 8.78 ha of State Forest No. 2 near Busselton, Western Australia (of the areas outlined purple and green in Attachment C)
secure the offset sites identified in conditions 4a and 4b, within 12 months of the date of this approval
provide written evidence to the department that the offset sites identified in conditions 4a and 4b have been acquired and secured, within 12 months of the date of this approval; this written evidence must also identify the securing mechanism by which each offset site will be permanently protected for conservation.30/06/202105To compensate for the residual significant impacts to western ringtail possums, black cockatoos and the tuart TEC, the approval holder must:

manage 29 ha of vegetation at Lots 200 and 201, West Boundary Road, Manjimup to prevent degradation of black cockatoo habitat
manage 37 ha of vegetation at Lots 200 and 201, West Boundary Road, Manjimup to prevent degradation of western ringtail possum habitat
revegetate, rehabilitate and manage 7.4 ha of vegetation in State Forest No. 2 to provide habitat for western ringtail possums 
revegetate, rehabilitate and manage 8.78 ha of areas in State Forest No. 2 to create and maintain 8.78 ha of tuart TEC.
undertake all revegetation, rehabilitation and management in accordance with the methods and reporting processes required by conditions 8, 9 and 10.30/06/202108The approval holder must submit for the Minister’s approval, within 12 months of the date of this approval, an Offset Management Plan for each of the offset sites specified in conditions 4 and 5. Each Offset Management Plan must be consistent with the department’s Environmental Management Plan Guidelines, and must include the following. A single Offset Management Plan covering all offset sites may be provided.

A summary of the residual impacts to protected matters that will be compensated for by the offsets. This summary must include the size and habitat quality of all impact sites.
The environmental objectives, relevant protected matters and a reference to the EPBC Act approval conditions to which each Offset Management Plan refers.
A table of commitments made in each Offset Management Plan to achieve the environmental objectives, and a reference to where the commitments are detailed in each Offset Management Plan.
Reporting and review mechanisms, and documentation standards to demonstrate compliance with each Offset Management Plan.
An assessment of risks to achieving environmental objectives and risk management strategies that will be applied.
Impact avoidance, mitigation and/or repair measures, and their timing.
A monitoring program, which must include:

measurable performance indicators
the timing and frequency of monitoring to detect trigger values and changes in the performance indicators
trigger values for corrective actions
proposed corrective actions, if trigger values are reached.


Links to referenced plans and applicable conditions of approval (including State approval conditions).

Each Offset Management Plan, as approved by the Minister in writing, must be implemented when approved by the Minister.30/06/202109In addition to the requirements of Condition 8, each Offset Management Plan must:

establish revegetation outcomes for the Ludlow State Forest No. 2 offset site to achieve the conservation targets identified in Condition 5 and that will:

for the western ringtail possum, provide 7.4 ha of habitat that contains understorey and midstorey vegetation comprising Peppermint (Agonis flexuosa) and other native species, and must also contain connected canopy habitat formed by native species
create 8.78 ha of “Moderate” quality tuart TEC as defined in Table 2 of the tuart TEC Conservation Advice
prevent unauthorised access by erecting fencing around revegetated areas wherever possible and maintain such fencing
undertake weed control to maintain a predominance of native species in understorey, midstorey and canopy vegetation for at least 20 years
minimise feral animal populations with ongoing management for at least 20 years


establish management outcomes for the West Boundary Road offset site in Manjimup to achieve the conservation targets identified in Condition 5 and that will:

prevent unauthorised access and site degradation by erecting fencing around managed areas wherever possible and maintain such fencing
undertake weed control to maintain a predominance of native species in understorey, midstorey and canopy vegetation for at least 20 years
minimise feral animal populations with ongoing management for at least 20 years


include attached written agreement from DBCA to all measures in conditions 9a and 9b
sufficiently describe the methods by which revegetation and/or rehabilitation will be undertaken at each offset site to achieve the revegetation outcomes and identify:

the timeframe for the revegetation and rehabilitation activities to be undertaken
the funding arrangements under which the revegetation and rehabilitation actions will be undertaken
the name, qualifications and experience of the suitably qualified expert who will manage all revegetation and rehabilitation actions


detail ongoing management actions to ensure that, once any revegetation or rehabilitation target, as specified in each Offset Management Plan, is reached, each such target continues to be met or exceeded for at least 20 years, including details of:

the funding arrangements under which the maintenance actions will be undertaken
the suitably qualified expert who will manage maintenance actions


identify any contingency actions to be implemented should revegetation, rehabilitation or management actions fail, which if agreed to by the department in writing, must be implemented
detail monitoring, reporting and evaluation mechanisms for revegetation, rehabilitation and management actions and propose suitable reporting frameworks to the department.30/06/202110If the Offset Management Plan for each of the offset sites specified has not been approved by the Minister in writing within 18 months of the date of this approval notice, and the Minister notifies the approval holder that one or more submitted Offset Management Plan is not suitable for approval, the Minister may, at least two months after so notifying the approval holder, approve a version of the Offset Management Plan revised by the department. The approval holder must implement each approved Offset Management Plan for the life of the approval.30/06/2021There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

