

Albany Ring Road Stages 2 and 3B, WA











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending3To compensate for the residual significant impacts on black cockatoos and Western Ringtail Possum, the approval holder must submit an Offset Strategy for approval by the Minister within 12 months of the commencement of the action. The Offset Strategy must:

Identify a suitable environmental offset for the impacts on black cockatoos and Western Ringtail Possum, that satisfies the requirements of the Environmental Offsets Policy
Include summary information on the impacted areas and detailed baseline information (presence of/use by protected matters and quality and condition of habitat) on the proposed offset site(s) and achievable goals for the proposed habitat condition and quality scores demonstrating how the proposed offset site(s) will meet the requirements of the Environmental Offsets Policy
Specify milestones and approximate timeframes for achieving the proposed final condition and quality of habitat at the proposed offset site(s)
Specify how and at what frequency management and monitoring results will be reported to the Department and the public
Include details of how the offset site(s) will be protected in perpetuity.22/11/20214The approval holder must not continue to clear black cockatoo foraging and breeding habitat, black cockatoo roosting habitat, breeding trees, suitable nesting hollows, Western Ringtail Possum habitat and Western Ringtail Possum linkage habitat, after 18 months of commencement of the action unless the Offset Strategy has been approved by the Minister in writing. Clearing may recommence following approval of the Offset Strategy by the The approval holder must implement the Offset Strategy commencing when the Minister approves it in writing and continuing for the period of effect of this approval.22/11/20215The approval holder must submit for the Minister’s approval, within 18 months of the date of approval of the Offset Strategy, an Offset Management Plan for each of the offset sites specified in the approved Offset Strategy. Each Offset Management Plan must be consistent with the Department’s Environmental Management Plan Guidelines, and must include the following:

a summary of the residual impacts to protected matters that will be compensated for by the offset site. This summary must include the area(s) of habitat for protected matters and its condition and quality at all impact sites which the particular offset site is to address;
the relevant protected matters and a reference to the EPBC Act approval conditions to which the particular Offset Management Plan refers;
a table of commitments made in the Offset Management Plan to achieve the ecological benefits for relevant protected matters, and a reference to where the commitments are detailed in the Offset Management Plan;
reporting and review mechanisms, and documentation standards to inform others annually regarding compliance with management and environmental commitments, and attainment and maintenance of ecological benefits, as specified in the Offset Management Plan;
an assessment of risks to achieving the ecological benefit(s) and what risk management strategies will be applied to address these;
a monitoring program, which must include: 

gathering evidence that effectively determines progress towards, attainment of and maintenance of the ecological benefits for the protected matters;
measurable performance indicators to monitor attainment of the ecological benefits for the protected matters;
trigger values for corrective actions; and
the timing and frequency of monitoring to detect trigger values and changes in the performance indicators.


proposed corrective actions to ensure ecological benefits for the protected matters are attained or maintained, if trigger values are reached or performance indicators not attained; and
links to referenced plans and applicable conditions of approval (including State approval conditions), if any.22/11/20216The approval holder must implement each approved Offset Management Plan commencing when the Minister approves it in writing and continuing for the period of effect of this approval.
Note: A single Offset Management Plan providing the above in respect of all offset sites specified in the approved Offset Strategy may be submitted in place of separate Offset Management Plans.22/11/20217If the Offset Management Plan for each of the offset sites specified in the approved Offset Strategy has not been approved by the Minister in writing within 24 months of the approval of the Offset Strategy, and the Minister notifies the approval holder that one or more submitted Offset Management Plans is/are not suitable for approval, the Minister may, at least two months after so notifying the approval holder, approve a version of the Offset Management Plan revised by the Department. The approval holder must implement each approved Offset Management Plan for the remainder of the period for which the approval has effect.22/11/2021There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

