

Hunt Road, Burpengary - Residential Development











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending10If the revised Avonvale Offset Area Management Plan required under condition 9 has not been approved by the Minister in writing within 12 months of the date on which it was submitted to the Department, all clearing and/or construction must cease immediately in the development area. Clearing and/or construction may only recommence once the Minister notifies the approval holder that the Minister approves the revised Avonvale Offset Area Management Plan, or otherwise with the Minister’s written agreement. 11The approval holder must:
by the end of Year 5, and for the rest of the period of effect of the approval, ensure that the highest abundance of each species of feral animal is less than 5% of the average abundance of that species of feral animal as determined by the baseline surveys required under condition 8ensure that zero Koala injuries or mortalities occur as a result of the presence of feral animals at the Avonvale Station Offset Area. 12The approval holder must demonstrate that the extent of weed cover at the Avonvale Station Offset Area is:
by the end of Year 5, reduced by 80% relative to the extent of weed cover determined by the baseline surveys required under condition 8by the end of Year 10 and for the rest of the period of effect of the approval, reduced by 95% relative to the extent of weed cover determined by the baseline surveys required under condition 8.13Within three months prior to the end of each of Year 5, Year 10 and Year 15, the approval holder must have an independent suitably qualified field ecologist undertake an assessment as to whether conditions 6(c), 7, 8, 11 and 12 have been, or are likely to be, achieved in the Avonvale Station Offset Area. The findings of each assessment must be published on the website within six months of the end of Year 5, Year 10 and Year 15, and remain published on the website for the remainder of the duration of this approval, and each be provided to the department within five business days of first being published.14If, at any time during the period of effect of the approval, the Minister is not satisfied that any of the requirements or outcomes required under conditions 6(c), 7, 8, 11 and 12 have been or are likely to be achieved or maintained, the Minister may require the approval holder to submit a revised Avonvale Offset Area Management Plan to the department for approval by the Minister, specifying new requirements to implement corrective actions and/or to monitor, manage, avoid, mitigate, offset, record and/or report on, impacts to the Koala. 15The Minister may specify a timeframe in which the approval holder must submit the revised Avonvale Offset Area Management Plan to the department, and may specify that the revised Avonvale Offset Area Management Plan must be prepared or reviewed by an independent suitably qualified field ecologist.16If the revised Avonvale Offset Area Management Plan is not provided within the specified timeframe required by condition 15, all clearing and/or construction must cease immediately at the development area. Clearing and/or construction may only recommence once the Minister notifies the approval holder that the Minister approves the revised Avonvale Offset Area Management Plan, or otherwise with the Minister’s written agreement. ​​​​​​​17If the Minister writes to the approval holder stating that he/she considers that the revised Avonvale Offset Area Management Plan required under Condition 14 is not likely to achieve the outcomes required under conditions 6(c), 7, 8, 11 and 12, all clearing and/or construction must cease immediately at the development area. Clearing and/or construction may only restart after the Minister notifies the approval holder that the Minister approves the revised Avonvale Offset Area Management Plan , or otherwise with the Minister’s written agreement.5To compensate for the clearing of 11.38 hectares of Koala habitat, the approval holder must commence implementing the Avonvale Offset Area Management Plan within 20 business days of this approval decision and continue to implement the Avonvale Offset Area Management Plan for the life of this approval.6The approval holder must: 
legally secure at least 14 hectares of land within the Avonvale Station Offset Area prior to undertaking any clearing at the development area within 20 business days of legally securing the Avonvale Station Offset Area, provide the department with written evidence demonstrating that the Avonvale Station Offset Area has been legally secured, and provide shapefiles and offset attributes of the Avonvale Station Offset Areacomplete all management actions as described in the Avonvale Offset Area Management Plan prior to the end of Year 19.There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading...

<
1
2
>

 Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

