

Residential subdivision of Lot 3 RP 185332











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending22. Within six months of the approval being issued, the person taking the action must establish a dedicated protected area of no less than 1.5 hectares, in the north-west corner of the site, referred to as open space on the site plan at Annexure 2. This open space area must be protected for the life of the approval and must:

ultimately contain and maintain a persisting population of Quassia bidwillii , and
be covenanted for the conservation of Quassia bidwillii.20/08/200833. Prior to translocation of any individual Quassia bidwillii plants, the person taking the action must fence the dedicated open space area, with a fence of at least 1.5 metres high, to limit animals including rabbits and other burrowing species from entering the area. Entry to the fenced area must be restricted to the persons responsible for the management of Quassia bidwillii and the open space area. Signs must be erected on the fence and gate, which must be visible and legible, and must describe the restricted access.20/08/200844. To protect the Quassia bidwillii the qualified horticulturalist, and labourer, identified within the Translocation Plan, must be commissioned to conduct the following:

prior to translocation of any individual Quassia bidwillii plants prepare the open space in accordance with the Translocation Plan. Site preparation must include:

weed removal
soil preparation, stabilisation and mulching with guava mulch or weed free propagule mulch
installation of irrigation as required or necessary, and
revegetation of the area with compatible native flora species to allow the establishment of these species and protection of the translocated Quassia bidwillii


propagate at least 169 individual Quassia bidwillii plants ex situ
conduct the translocation of all Quassia bidwillii plants on site in accordance with the Translocation Plan, Fraser Coast Regional Councils conditions, and the latest edition of "The Guidelines for the Translocation of Threatened Plants in Australia (2004)" by Australian Network for Plant Conservation. In particular the translocation should include:

identification and recording of the number of individuals to be translocated, including each individual plants baseline health prior to translocation and GPS position post translocation


plant the propagated individuals in the open space area and record each individual plants baseline health and GPS location post planting
Water the plants in the open space area twice weekly for two months and then as needed until the plants become established or the open space area is transferred to Fraser Coast Regional Council.20/08/200855. To ensure continued success of the Quassia bidwillii once translocated, the qualified horticulturalist, identified in the Translocation Plan, or an agent acting for the horticulturalist must undertake the following:

maintain regular and accurate records of plant health and performance, in accordance with the Translocation Plan. These records must be maintained on a fortnightly basis for the first two months and then on a monthly basis post translocation, until the open space area is transferred to Fraser Coast Regional Council.
monitor the condition of the Quassia bidwillii at each site visit and implement after care if needed, as outlined in the Translocation Plan
submit a report to the Department within six months of the translocation being carried out and annually thereafter for a period of 5 years post translocation. This report must detail individual plant health and success of translocation program, and
carry out weed removal within the open space area on an as needs basis.20/08/2008There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

