

Fraser Straits Marina











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending1212. The person taking the action must prepare an environmental offsets plan and provide this plan to the Minister for written approval at least 3 months prior to the commencement of construction. Commencement of construction cannot occur until the environmental offsets plan has been approved by the Minister in writing. The approved environmental offsets plan must be implemented. The person taking the action must commit no less than $250,000 (GST exclusive), or an amount otherwise agreed to in writing by the Minister, to fund the implementation of actions described in the approved environmental offsets plan.

The residual impacts required to be addressed in the environmental offsets plan are:

The loss of the area identified in the seagrass assessment, or 0.83 ha (whichever is larger), of seagrass habitat for threatened and migratory species including the Dugong (Dugong dugon) and sea turtles; and
The loss of 6.19 ha of intertidal foraging habitat for listed migratory shorebirds.


The environmental offsets plan must be developed in accordance with the approved EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy including thorough demonstration of the adequacy of proposed offsets, using the approved EPBC Act Offsets Assessment Guide where applicable.
The environmental offsets plan must:

Include measures to:

rehabilitate and maintain seagrass and migratory shorebird foraging habitat;
control weed species and pest animals;
control access to the protected land;
prohibit grazing or other damaging activities;
monitor the status of seagrass and migratory shorebird foraging habitat;
report the results and frequency of monitoring and management activities to the Minister; and
identify other EPBC Act listed threatened species and ecological communities that occur within the proposed offset area.


Include detailed descriptions of how enhanced conservation outcomes for the affected MNES will be achieved;
Include detailed costings for the measures that will beimplemented to achieve these outcomes;
Include timeframes and key milestones for implementation of offsets;
Include discussion of the risks and uncertainties associated with proposed offsets;
Include mechanisms for monitoring and reporting of offset milestones and outcomes;
Include mechanisms to ensure that offsets are maintained for the duration of the impacts;
Include provisions and measures to ensure that actions taken to conserve, manage and protect MNES populations and habitat have no detrimental impact on the habitat and populations of other listed threatened species and ecological communities that are identified in the environmental offsets plan as occurring on the protected land;
Include corrective actions and contingency measures to be implemented (including the timing and implementation of these) where monitoring of the offset area/s under the environmental offsets plan indicates a decrease or degradation of seagrass or migratory shorebird foraging habitat; and
Provide the department with a textual description and map to clearly define the location and boundaries of the offset area/s. This must be accompanied with the offset attributes and a shapefile.


The person taking the action must obtain from any third party involved in the protection, management, monitoring or maintenance of the offset area/s confirmation of their acceptance of their responsibilities in writing. Notwithstanding any such arrangement, the fulfilment of these conditions remains the responsibility of the person taking the action.5/08/2013There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

