

Wandoan Coal Mine and Infrastructure Project











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending033. The person taking the action must submit to the Minister for approval a Biodiversity Offset Strategy to assist the protection and recovery of listed threatened species and ecological communities. Commencement of construction within the mining lease must not occur until the Biodiversity Offset Strategy has been approved by the Minister. The Biodiversity Offset Strategy must contain, but is not limited to, the following:

Details of the acquisition and ongoing management of no less than 113 ha of vegetation which meets the definition of the endangered ecological community Brigalow (Acacia harpophylla dominant and co-dominant), and includes habitat for the Brigalow Scaly-foot (Paradelma orientalis) and Belsons Panic (Homopholis belsonii);
Details of the acquisition and ongoing management of no less than 65.5 ha of vegetation which meets the definition of the endangered ecological community 'Semi-evergreen Vine Thickets of the Brigalow Belt (North and South) and Nandewar Bioregion';
Details of steps to be taken to secure in perpetuity the offset areas identified in conditions 3a and 3b of this approval. Offset areas must be secured in perpetuity using a Nature Refuge Agreement under the Queensland Nature Conservation Act 1994 or similar, must be on title, must be contiguous and must not be located within an existing mining lease or mining lease application area; and
Details of the offset areas including maps (and accompanying shapefile) and site description, environmental values relevant to EPBC Act listed threatened species and ecological communities, connectivity with other habitats and biodiversity corridors, and mechanisms for long-term protection, conservation and management.5/02/2013044. Within six months (6) of the approval of the Biodiversity Offset Strategy by the Minister, referred to in approval condition 3, the person taking the action must submit to the Minister for approval and Offset Management Plan. The Offset Management Plan must detail how the offset areas identified in the Biodiversity Offset Strategy will be managed for the long-term protection and conservation of EPBC Act listed threatened species and ecological communities. The Offset Management Plan must contain, but is not limited to, the following:

Measures to survey and monitor the occurrence of flora and fauna species including, but not limited to, Brigalow Scaly-foot (Paradelma orientalis) and Belsons Panic (Homopholis belsonii);
Details of objectives and targets for the conservation, protection and enhancement of the biodiversity values of each offset site for EPBC Act listed threatened species and ecological communities;
Measures for the long-term management and conservation of the proposed offset areas, including, but not limited to, the exclusion of livestock, restriction of access, weed and feral animal control, fire management, erosion and sediment control; and
Key milestones, performance indicators, corrective actions, timeframes and responsibilities for the completion of the actions outlined in the Offset Management Plan.5/02/2013055.  The person taking the action must not impact or remove any EPBC Act listed species or ecological communities until the Offset Management Plan is approved. The approved Biodiversity Offset Strategy and Offset Management Plan must be implemented.14/03/2011There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

