

Extension to Existing Operations at Boggabri Coal Mine











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending044. The person taking the action is required to submit a Conservation and Biodiversity Bond under condition 52 of the NSW state government project approval dated 18 July 2012 (application number 09_0182). It is noted that this bond may be combined with the rehabilitation security deposit as required by the NSW Trade and Investment - Division of Resources and Energy under the NSW Mining Act 1992. The person taking the action must submit details of this bond and the rehabilitation security deposit, to the Minister. If the Minister is not satisfied that the bond and the rehabilitation security deposit lodged by the person taking the action is adequate to provide for the implementation of the requirements referred to under conditions 3, 12, 21-23 the Minister may require the person taking the action to establish an additional bond or equivalent financial instrument in trust, under conditions approved in writing by the Minister.11/02/201307Offset areas
Mechanism to secure offsets
7. The person taking the action must register a legally binding conservation covenant over the offset areas of 5866.1 ha of 'equivalent or better' quality of threatened species habitat defined as native vegetation communities. This must include no less than 1537.4 ha 'equivalent or better' quality of White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community.
The offset areas are those defined at Attachment B of these conditions, or alternative areas agreed in writing by the Minister.11/02/2013088. The conservation covenant(s) required under condition 7 must provide protection in perpetuity for the offset area and be registered by 15 December 2022. Progress in achieving this must be reported annually as part of the annual reporting to the Department required under condition 28.
Evidence of compliance with condition 8 must be provided to the Department within 30 days of registering a legally binding covenant.26/02/2020099. The person taking the action must verify through an independent review by 30 December 2013, the quantity and quality of habitat or potential habitat for the regent honeyeater, swift parrot and greater long-eared bat of all proposed offset areas. The review will:

validate the quantity, quality and ecological characteristics of the offset areas in line with the requirements of the department's Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 Environmental Offsets Policy October 2012
be undertaken by ecological experts who have been agreed in writing by the department11/02/20131010. If the independent review finds that the minimum quantities of threatened species habitat and ecological community required under condition 7 do not meet the 'equivalent or better' quality, or the criteria required under condition 9a, then additional areas must be protected until all the relevant criteria under condition 9 are met.
Note: the 1537.4 ha of White Box Yellow Box Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community may be inclusive of the 5866.1 ha of habitat for the woodland species, as long as it meets the listing criteria for the EPBC-listed critically endangered ecological community as defined in the EPBC listing advice for that community and the quantity and quality is validated through the independent review.11/02/201312Offset management plan
12. To offset the impacts to the White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland and the habitat of the regent honeyeater, swift parrot and greater long-eared bat, the person taking the action must submit to the Minister for approval an Offset management plan for all of the offset areas, specified in condition 7, within 6 months of the date of this approval. The approved Offset management plan must be implemented prior to the commencement of new mining operations.
Note: for consistency, the person taking the action may develop a Biodiversity Management plan that includes the requirements set for managing offsets as set out in these conditions, to align with the requirements of the NSW state government Project Approval dated 18 July 2012 (application number 09_0182) and this approval.11/02/20131313. The Offset management plan must include, but not be limited to, the following information:

objectives to clearly identify baseline conditions of the offset sites, establish performance indicators and discuss methods for adaptive management.
a text description and map to clearly define the location and boundaries of the offset areas. This must be accompanied by the offset attributes and shapefiles.
a detailed survey and description (prior to any management activities, hence a baseline) of the current condition of the extant vegetation of each offset area. This must be consistent with the State and Transition Model, including but not limited to:

location of survey points (GPS reference)
vegetation condition mapping
photo reference points
tree age class representation
percentage tree canopy cover
number of native plant species in ground layer
percentage of nativeness of total plant groundcover (herbaceous plants and small shrubs,1 m tall), measured using basal area
description of fauna habitat including condition, type and connectivity
surveys of the regent honeyeater, swift parrot and greater long-eared bat


Plans to improve upon the baseline condition (identified in the surveys required by condition 13c) consistent with the State and Transition Model, EPBC listing advice, and threatened species habitat defined as native vegetation communities, including but not limited to:

a map showing areas to be managed
management actions for each area and details of management methods to be used
timing of management activity for each area
performance criteria for each area
a set of measurable ecological indicators for detecting changes to the White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland Ecological Community, including those that may be ascribed to ongoing water stress
a monitoring plan to assess the success of the management activities measured against the baseline condition. The monitoring must be statistically robust and able to quantify change in the condition of White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland Ecological Community. This should include, but not be limited to, control sites and periodic ecological surveys to be undertaken by a qualified ecologist
a description of the potential risks to successful management against the performance criteria, and a description of the contingency measures that would be implemented to mitigate these risks
a process to report, to the department, the progress of management activities undertaken in the offset areas and the outcome of those activities, including identifying any need for improved management and activities to undertake such improvement
details of the various parties responsible for management, monitoring and implementing the management activities, including their position or status as a separate contractor11/02/2013There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

