

Port of Townsville - Port Expansion Project











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending27Offset Management Strategy
27. To compensate for residual significant impacts of the action and to achieve a net benefit to the outstanding universal value of the Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area, the person taking the action must submit an Offset Management Strategy (OMS) for the Minister’s approval before commencement of the action. The person taking the action must not commence the action unless the Minister has approved the OMS. The OMS must include the following:


details of how the person taking the action will achieve a reduction of sediment entering the marine environment from the Burdekin, Ross and Black river basins, based on the amount of fine sediment determined in Dredging Completion Reports required under Condition 26(b)(i);


details on how the person taking the action will achieve a reduction of sediment entering the marine environment from the Burdekin, Ross and Black river basins, if monitoring undertaken in accordance with condition 5(j) identifies actual lethal or sub-lethal impacts on sensitive habitat sites, including seagrasses or corals. The sediment offset must be based on the amount of fine sediment that was available for resuspension before commencement of the relevant stage of the action, as determined in Dredging Completion Reports required under Condition 26(b)(ii);


if residual impacts to listed dolphin species in Cleveland Bay from the proposed action are identified through monitoring undertaken in accordance with Condition 24, details of how the person taking the action will compensate for the residual impacts to listed dolphin species;


if seagrasses are identified in the dredge footprint or reclamation area from surveys undertaken in accordance with Conditions 3 and 9, details of how the person taking the action will compensate for the loss of seagrasses within the dredge and reclamation footprints, taking account of the density of seagrass coverage;


details of how the proposed offset actions or contributions to programs align with the broader strategies and programs for the Great Barrier Reef, including but not limited to the Reef 2050 Long-term Sustainability Plan; and


a process for annual reviews of the performance of the OMS for the life of the approval including timeframes for conducting the reviews and for publishing the findings of each review on the website of the person taking the action.5/02/20182828. The person taking the action may provide a contribution to the Reef Trust or equivalent to meet the requirements of Condition 27 in whole or part. The OMS must detail how the proposed contributions to Reef Trust will meet the requirements of Condition 27 before submission of the OMS to the Minister for approval.5/02/20182929. The OMS may be submitted to the Minister in stages, but the OMS must be submitted before the commencement of each stage, and the respective stages must not commence until the Minister has approved the respective version of the OMS.5/02/20183030. The approved OMS must be implemented.5/02/2018There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

