

Extend a section of Mundijong Road











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending022. To mitigate potential impacts to Black Cockatoos, prior to the commencement of construction, the person taking the action must:

Prepare and submit a Construction and Environmental Management Plan, (CEMP) for the Minister's approval. The CEMP must detail the following:

potential impacts to listed threatened Black Cockatoo species;
management actions to be undertaken to avoid, minimise or mitigate impacts to Black Cockatoos and their habitat;
measures to prevent impacts from occurring adjacent to the development zone;
weed and plant disease controls for the area surrounding the development zone;
roles and responsibilities of contractors, staff and the person taking the action pre and post construction;
outcomes to be achieved and targets indicating successful achievement of these outcomes;
appropriate corrective or contingency measures if strategy or indicator is not achieved;
program for monitoring and reporting to WA DEC and the Department, and;
timeframes for the implementation and management of the above measures. The approved CEMP must be implemented. 


Prepare and submit an Environmental Offsets Management Plan, (EOMP) for the offset areas for the Minister's approval. The EOMP must detail the following:

the revegetation and rehabilitation methods to be undertaken (as required by condition 3);
measures to ensure that seedlings being planted are free of Dieback, (Phytophthora cinnamomi);
feral animal and weed controls to be implemented within the offset areas;
fencing to be undertaken;
the monitoring and survey measures to be utilised, including timing schedules and reporting requirements;
outcomes to be achieved and targets indicating successful achievement of these outcomes;
appropriate corrective or contingency measures if strategy or indicator is not achieved;
roles and responsibilities of contractors, staff and the person taking the action, prior to, during and following any rehabilitation and revegetation works undertaken on the offset areas, and;
how the WA DE, or other conservation organisation(s), have been consulted in the preparation of the EOMP.The approved EOMP must be implemented.30/03/2012033. To offset the loss of Black Cockatoo habitat, the person taking the action must, implement a Black Cockatoo Habitat Revegetation and Rehabilitation Program for the three offset areas as described below:

Topsoil, native vegetation seed and habitat logs must be collected from the development zone, prior to and/or during construction, to be used in rehabilitation works.
The offset areas must be fully revegetated using at least 75% known habitat plants for Black Cockatoos.
If after 5 years of planting, a survival rate of at least 80% is not achieved, all planted trees that have not survived must be replanted within 12 months and monitored for a further 2 years.
The person taking the action must fund and manage the Black Cockatoo Habitat Revegetation and Rehabilitation Program for at least 8 years after the commencement of construction or until management responsibility has been transferred to a conservation organisation approved by WA DEC and the Department.30/03/2012There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

