

Tarrawonga Coal Project











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending06Direct Offsets
6. The person taking the action must register a legally binding conservation covenant over offset areas of no less than:

1055 ha of an equivalent or better quality of habitat for the regent honeyeater;
397 ha of an equivalent or better quality of habitat for the swift parrot;
1355 ha of an equivalent or better quality of habitat for the greater long-eared bat; and
232 ha of an equivalent or better quality of the White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community.

 Note: Offset areas described in condition 6 do not necessarily need to be separate if the same areas can meet the listing criteria for the EPBC listed threatened species or communities as defined in the EPBC listing advice for that threatened species or community and meet the requirements of condition 6.11/03/2013077. The person taking the action must verify through independent review the quantity and condition class of White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community and the quantity and quality of habitat for the regent honeyeater, swift parrot and greater long-eared bat within all proposed offset areas including those proposed in the Environmental Assessment and any additional offsets as required at condition 8. Details of all independently verified offset areas must be submitted to the Minister for approval by 31 January 2014. The findings of the independent review must be published on the proponent's website.11/03/2013088. If the independent review finds that the offset areas do not meet the requirements of conditions 6, 7 and 9 then additional areas must be included in the offset areas until all relevant criteria under these conditions are met.11/03/2013099. The offset areas must be of an overall equivalent or better quality than the areas being cleared. This means:

for White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community, offset areas must meet the definition of the ecological community described in the listing advice, and must be of an overall equivalent or better condition class than the areas being cleared, based on the proportion of each condition class represented and other relevant ecological attributes;
for the threatened species, the quality of the habitat for the species, taking account of its ecological requirements, must be equivalent to or better than the areas being cleared.11/03/20131010.  The mechanism/s for registering a legally binding covenant must provide protection for the offset areas in perpetuity and be registered by 30 June 2021 or as otherwise approved by the Minister in writing.
Evidence of registration must be provided to the Department within one month of registration of each legally binding covenant.
The approval holder must report on progress meeting this requirement in each annual compliance report required under condition 32 and as otherwise requested by the Department.24/03/202112Offset Management Plan
12. The person taking the action must submit to the Minister for approval an Offset management plan for all of the offset areas, specified in condition 6, within 12 months of the date of this approval. The approved Offset management plan must be implemented.
Note: for consistency, the proponent may develop a Biodiversity Management plan that includes the requirements set for managing offsets and set out in these conditions, to align with the requirements of the NSW state government Project Approval dated 22 January 2013 (application number 11_0047) and this approval.11/03/20131313. The Offset management plan must include, but not be limited to, the following:

a text description and map which clearly defines the location and boundaries of the offset areas. This must be accompanied by the offset attributes and shapefiles;
a description of the methodology and results of surveys measuring the baseline ecological conditions in the offset areas. This must be consistent with the State and Transition Model and include but not be limited to:

the extent and condition of all vegetation communities, including a description of the structure, floristics and tree age class representation of each community;
the extent and condition class of all areas of the White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community;
surveys targeting the regent honeyeater, swift parrot and greater long-eared bat;
the extent and quality of all areas of habitat for the regent honeyeater, swift parrot and greater long-eared bat;
the location of all survey sites (including co-ordinates);
photo reference points at survey sites.


clearly defined ecological management objectives for the offset areas;
detailed description of all ecological management activities proposed to be undertaken, including maps and/or diagrams showing areas to be managed and the timing of the proposed activities;
details of ongoing ecological monitoring programs, performance criteria, targets and provisions for adaptive management, including but not limited to:

a set of measurable ecological indicators for detecting changes to the White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community, including those that may be ascribed to ongoing water stress;
a monitoring plan to assess the success of the management activities measured against the baseline condition. The monitoring must be statistically robust and able to quantify change in the condition of the White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community and habitat for the regent honeyeater, swift parrot and greater long-eared bat. This should include the use of control sites and periodic ecological surveys to be undertaken by a qualified ecologist;
a list of performance criteria based on the ecological management objectives for the White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland and Derived Native Grassland ecological community and habitat for the regent honeyeater, swift parrot and greater long-eared bat;
measures to exclude weeds from all offset areas for the period covered by this approval;
a description of the potential risks to successful management against the performance criteria, and a description of the contingency measures that would be implemented to mitigate against these risks;
a process by which to report to the department the progress of management activities undertaken in the offset areas and the outcome of those activities, including identifying any need for improved management and activities to undertake such improvement.


details of all parties responsible for management, monitoring and implementing the management activities, including their position or status as a separate contractor.
details of the funding requirements for the ongoing management activities, including an estimate of the costs of the activities and details of the parties responsible for funding the activities.11/03/2013There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

