

Defence Training Facilities at the Greenbank Training Area











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending022. The person taking the action must prepare and submit for approval an Environment Offset Strategy to the Minister. The Environment Offset Strategy must be submitted and approved by the Minister within 6 months of the date of this approval. The Environment Offset Strategy must provide for: the enhancement and protection of native vegetation; the riparian zone of water courses; and habitat for threatened species within the Greenbank Training Area. The Environment Offset Strategy must include the following:

A commitment to rehabilitate and protect no less than 350 ha of remnant vegetation or regrowth within the Greenbank Training Area. The area identified can comprise either one single, or a number of individual areas, provided those areas are greater than 50 ha in size. Information on the offset areas to be rehabilitated and protected must include (but not be limited to) the following:

The location and boundaries of the area(s) through maps and textual descriptions as well as an accompanying shapefile(s);
A description of the regional ecosystem classification contained within the area(s) identified for remediation and protection. Information must also include records of high conservation value fauna and flora species known from/or likely to utilise these areas;
Detailed measures for controlling and managing invasive weeds in those areas identified for protection;
Information on how the remediation and protection of the area(s) will improve habitat connectivity for threatened species with the Greenbank/Karawatha Wildlife Corridor; and
Key performance indicators and indicative timeframes for undertaking the rehabilitation and protection. The key performance indicators must be sufficient to confirm whether any remediation actions have resulted in a net-environmental gain to the environmental values of the Greenbank Training Area.


Details of ongoing vertebrate surveys at the Greenbank Training Area (excluding the range impact area). The monitoring must be of a design that will detect any great changes to the numbers of threatened species within the Greenbank Training Area;
Details of and a commitment to undertake landscape planting within the facilities. The plantings used must be naturally occurring within the Greenbank Training Area;
Details of and a commitment to undertake the decommissioning, remediation and revegetation within the footprint of the existing sewage treatment plant;
A commitment to undertake remediation actions that will halt soil erosion and increase bank stability from selected areas within the Greenbank Training Area currently affected by soil erosion; and
A description of how the environmental management systems of the Department of Defence will provide for the permanent protection of the areas described in 2(a) from inappropriate activities or actions that are not consistent with the maintenance of the conservation values of the Greenbank Training Area.

The Environment Offset Strategy must clearly state the legal person or persons responsible for implementation. If the Minister approves the Environment Offset Strategy then the approved Environment Offset Strategy must be implemented.
Note: It is not the intention that all training activities are excluded from the 350 ha area which is required to be protected under this condition. Activities that allow vegetation condition and habitat for the Spot-tailed Quoll and Koala to be maintained or enhanced and will still be permissible.17/01/2012There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

