

Meteor Downs South Coal Project, central Qld











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions











Offset Name








Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending05Offset Management Plan
5. At least three months (3) prior to the commencement of the action, the approval holder must submit an Offset Management Plan (OMP) to the Minister for approval. The OMP must be prepared by, in consultation with, or be reviewed by a suitably qualified ecologist.25/11/2014066. The OMP must include:
a) a detailed offset strategy, consistent with the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy, to compensate for impacts to the following EPBC Act listed species and EPBC Act listed communities:
i. Natural Grasslands of the Queensland Central Highlands and Northern Fitzroy Basin;
ii. King Blue-grass (Dichanthium queenslandicum);
iii. Bluegrass (Dichanthium setosum); and
iv. Squatter Pigeon (Southern) (Geophaps scripta scripta).
b) details of the offset attributes (including maps in electronic Geographic Information System (GIS) format with accompanying shapefiles), site descriptions and environmental values relevant to EPBC Act listed species and EPBC Act listed communities specified at condition 6a);
c) detailed surveys and descriptions of any proposed offset sites including:
i. a baseline description (prior to any management activities) of the current condition of the extant vegetation of each offset area, including the location of survey points (GPS reference);
ii. the area (in hectares) of habitat for EPBC Act listed species and EPBC Act listed communities, provided by the offset area;
iii. the condition class of habitat for EPBC Act listed species and EPBC Act listed communities found within the offset area;
iv. vegetation condition mapping;
v. photo reference points; and
vi. tree age class representation.
d) details of measures to be undertaken to maintain and improve habitat within any proposed offset areas, including, but not limited to:
i. a map showing areas to be managed;
ii. management actions for each area and details of methods to be used.
iii. timing of management activities for each area;
iv. performance criteria for each area;
v. a monitoring plan to assess the success of the management activities measured against the baseline condition. This must include, but not be limited to, control sites and periodic ecological surveys to be undertaken by a suitably qualified ecologist;
vi. a risk assessment and a description of the contingency measures that would beimplemented to mitigate any risks;
vii. where revegetation is proposed as part of the OMP, measures to be taken to ensure revegetation is of a similar composition to the local variant of the EPBC Act listed community found in or adjacent to the nominated offset area or, if the EPBC Act listed community is not applicable, measures to be taken to ensure revegetation is of a similar composition to the local variant of the Regional Ecosystem;
viii. the use of local provenance plants for rehabilitation; and
ix. the process to ensure management actions are undertaken in consultation with the Queensland Department of Environment and Heritage Protection.
e) how the offset areas provide connectivity with other habitats and biodiversity corridors; and,
f) details of qualifications and experience of persons responsible for undertaking monitoring, review, and implementation of the OMP, including the role of the suitably qualified ecologist in preparing, reviewing, and implementation of the OMP.25/11/2014077. The approval holder must not commence the action until the Minister has approved the OMP in writing. The approved OMP must be implemented.25/11/2014088. The approval holder must register and legally secure, in accordance with Queensland legislation, offsets for authorised unavoidable impacts (defined in Table 1 for MNES identified at condition 6a)) within two (2) years of the commencement of the action.
Note 2: The approval holder may prepare and align the OMP with the requirements of the Queensland Government, provided the relevant matters under the conditions of this approval are clearly and adequetly addressed. An offset area may satisfy offset requirements for more than one of the MNES identified at condition 6a).25/11/2014There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

