

Gold Coast Airport Southern Development Area Expansion, Gold Coast, QLD











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending011.The approval holder must not clear more habitat for the protected matters than those areas detailed in Table 1 and must provide environmental offsets to compensate for the impacts from the approved habitat clearance on the protected matters.      



Protected matters 
Maximum area of habitat to be cleared (hectares)


Listed threatened species and ecological communities


Wallum sedge frog (Litoria olongburensis)
3.80


 Whole of the environment (from actions on Commonwealth land)


Wallum froglet (Crinia tinnula)
26.43


Common planigale (Planigale maculate)
30.19


Swamp sclerophyll forest on coastal floodplains of the NSW north coast, Sydney basin and south east corner bioregions endangered ecological community (listed under the Threatened Species Conservation Act 1995 (NSW))
16.41



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table 1. Maximum areas of clearance of protected matters.2/08/2016022. The environmental offsets in condition 1 must be submitted for approval to the Minister within 6 months of the commencement of construction and must be either offset package A, B or C from the Environmental Offsets Strategy for Project LIFT, or another option agreed by the Minister and:
 
a. must be within the known distribution of the species and community listed in Table 1; and
 
b. must be in accordance with the EPBC Act offsets policy.24/12/2015033. The approval holder must provide written evidence to the Department prior to the commencement of construction demonstrating the actions that are being taken to meet the requirements of condition 1.24/12/2015044. An offset area management plan for the approved environmental offset option in condition 2 must be submitted for approval to the Minister within 6 months of approval under condition 2. The approved environmental offset area management plan must be implemented. The environmental offset area management plan must include:
a. Management actions to achieve the following outcomes for the protected matters listed in Table 1:
i. for the life of the approval, there must be no net loss to the extent (in hectares) of habitat relative to baseline monitoring; and
ii. for the life of the approval, there must be no net loss to the site condition relative to baseline monitoring; and
iii. before expiry of the approval, site condition must be improved relative to baseline monitoring.
b. Performance criteria and completion criteria for evaluating the management of the environmental offset area and criteria for triggering corrective actions (if necessary)
c. Timing of when management actions will be implemented and details of the proposed legally binding mechanism for securing the offset
d. A monitoring program for the life of the approval (which includes baseline monitoring) at the offset area/s required under condition 1. The results of the monitoring program must be adequate to inform adaptive management and demonstrate whether the outcomes described in condition 4a are being met. Monitoring must be undertaken by a suitably qualified person and must take into consideration the framework for biodiversity assessment. Performance indicators which must be monitored include:
i. For Wallum sedge frog habitat: ecosystem functionality and site condition; and the presence of known threats as identified in the national recovery plan for the wallum sedge frog and other wallum-dependent frog species
ii. For Wallum froglet habitat: ecosystem functionality and site condition; and the presence of known threats as identified in the national recovery plan for the wallum sedge frog and other wallum-dependent frog species
iii. For Common planigale habitat: ecosystem functionality and site condition; and the presence of predators, including but not limited to: feral cats, european red foxes, and cane toads
iv. For Swamp sclerophyll forest on coastal floodplains of the NSW north coast, Sydney basin and south east corner bioregions endangered ecological community: ecosystem functionality and site condition; and cover of plant species that are known to make up the ecological community as defined in the New South Wales identification guidelines for the Swamp sclerophyll forest on coastal floodplains endangered ecological community.
e. A process and timing to report to the Minister that includes the progress of adaptive management activities undertaken in the offset area/s and outcomes of these activities, results of the monitoring program, progress towards meeting the outcomes described in condition 4a.24/12/2015055. Once approved by the Minister, the environmental offset to be provided in condition 1 must be secured by a legally binding mechanism within 6 months of the approval of the offset area management plan. Within 20 business days of finalising the legally binding mechanism, the approval holder must provide the Department with a map, shapefile, offset attributes and evidence of the establishment of the legally binding mechanism for the offset area/s.24/12/2015There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

