

Earl Grey Lithium Project











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending044. To compensate for residual significant impacts to the Malleefowl (Leipoa ocellate) and Chuditch (Dasyurus geoffroii), the approval holder must:

acquire, manage and protect for enduring conservation offset area(s) that comprise existing Malleefowl and Chuditch foraging and breeding habitat and that collectively offset the residual significant impacts to the Malleefowl (Leipoa ocellate) and Chuditch (Dasyurus geoffroii) of the action in accordance with the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy;
submit for the Minister’s written approval a Fauna Offset Management Plan in respect of each offset area required to meet Condition 4(a); and
implement each approved Fauna Offset Management Plan(s) at least until the end date of the period of effect of the approval.23/12/202004A4A. Each Fauna Offset Management Plan required under Condition 4 must be prepared in accordance with the environmental management plan guidelines, and include the following:

the residual significant impacts to the Malleefowl (Leipoa ocellate) and Chuditch (Dasyurus geoffroii) quantified as the area of clearing of native vegetation within the development envelope) that will be offset by implementing the plan;
the environmental values of the proposed offset area, including results from field validation surveys, quantifiable ecological data on habitat quality and how the offset area will provide habitat connectivity with adjacent vegetation communities and biodiversity corridors,
the size of the offset area in hectares, and maps that define the location and boundaries of the offset area;
measurable ecological outcomes for habitat quality, when these will be achieved and the period for which these will be maintained;
offset completion criteria to demonstrate attainment of the ecological outcomes and an explanation of how the proposed offset completion criteria will be achieved;
management measures (including timing, frequency, duration and method of outcome measurement) that will be implemented to achieve the ecological outcomes for Malleefowl (Leipoa ocellate) and Chuditch (Dasyurus geoffroii);
evidence that the management measures are consistent with relevant conservation advices, recovery plans and threat abatement plans;
an analysis of potential risks of the plan, if implemented, failing to attain and/or maintain the offset completion criteria;
criteria for triggering corrective actions should risks be realised, and a monitoring program designed to detect the criteria and track progress against offset completion criteria;
the activities and land uses that will be prohibited in the offset area, including, for example, mining, exploration or grazing;
a schedule for evaluating and reporting, at least annually, on the effectiveness of management measures and progress against offset completion criteria;
the nature and timing of the proposed legal mechanism for securing the offset area, and contingency measures if the specified legal mechanism is not established in a timely manner;
an explanation of how the offset area and offset area management addresses the principles of the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy; and
the role of the approval holder in controlling and managing the offset area and the identity and offset management role(s) of any other involved party.

Each Fauna Offset Management Plan submitted in accordance with Condition 4(b) must be accompanied by shapefiles that define the location and boundaries of the offset area, the offset attributes (including physical address of the offset area(s), coordinates of the boundary points in decimal degrees, the EPBC Act Listed threatened species that the environmental offset area(s) compensate for, and the size of the offset area(s) in hectares23/12/202004B4B. The approval holder must not commence the action until a Fauna Offset Management Plan is approved by the Minister in writing.23/12/202004C4C. The approval holder must not clear more than the area of clearing within the development envelope specified (in accordance with Condition 4A(a)) in all approved Fauna Offset Management Plans.23/12/2020There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

