

Development of the Mesa H iron ore mining operations, WA











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending10
To compensate for the residual significant impacts to Ghost Bat, Northern Quoll, Olive Python Pilbara leaf-nosed bat and the Blind Cave Eel, the approval holder must within fifteen months of the date of this approval, submit an Offset Strategy for the Minister’s written approval. The Offset Strategy must:

specify the approach and priorities for providing offsets for the clearing of habitat for Ghost Bat, Northern Quoll, Olive Python and Pilbara leaf-nosed bat;
specify the approach and priorities for providing offsets as a result of groundwater drawdown for the Blind Cave Eel;
identify threats for the Ghost Bat, Northern Quoll, Olive Python, Pilbara leaf-nosed bat and the Blind Cave Eel;
nominate detailed offset projects that will realise a conservation benefit for the Ghost Bat, Northern Quoll, Olive Python, Pilbara leaf-nosed bat and Blind Cave Eel in accordance with relevant approved conservation advice, recovery plans and threat abatement plans and regional conservation plans;
if the proposed Offset Strategy includes offset(s) that do not provide specified site(s) for permanent conservation purposes:

specify a financial commitment of at least $3,000 AUD (exclusive of GST) per hectare cleared in Area B, and in addition, at least $833.00 AUD (exclusive of GST) per hectare cleared in Area A. The financial commitment must be adjusted in accordance with the CPI released in each calendar year from the date of this approval decision until the date on which any payment is made;
provide a financial commitment of at least $1,000,000 AUD (exclusive of GST) to support research priorities addressing current knowledge gaps that will significantly contribute to long term conservation outcomes for the Blind Cave Eel.


specify the party to be responsible for implementing the proposed offsets; where appropriate the location and nature of each proposed offset project, along with detailed objectives, budget, timeframes, performance and completion criteria for evaluating conservation or research outcomes, monitoring and reporting requirements;
specify how research findings will be published;
include a description of the potential risks to the successful implementation of each proposed offset (including but not limited to environmental, administrative, financial, and governance risks);
include a description of the measures that will be implemented to mitigate risks associated with each proposed offset and a description of the contingency measures that will be implemented if triggers arise or completion criteria are not met;
include processes to adaptively manage proposed offsets;
explain how the proposed offsets meet the EPBC Act Environmental Offsets Policy; and
ensure the measures that will be implemented as part of the Offset Strategy have no detrimental impact on listed threatened species under the EPBC Act.


29/06/202111Subject to Condition 12, within eight months of approval of the Offset Strategy by the Minister, the approval holder must submit a report to the Department detailing the extent of Ghost Bat, Northern Quoll, Olive Python and Pilbara leaf-nosed bat habitat cleared, and the total amount of financial commitments that have been made (including for the Blind Cave Eel), as provided for in Condition 10.e., to offset projects in the approved Offset Strategy and detail the implementation of offset projects. Subsequent reports must be provided biennially, with each report due by 30 April in the year following the two-year reporting period. The second report must be provided by 30 April for a period not exceeding two years from the provision of the first report.7/07/202012If a Conservation Offset Fund has been established by the Western Australian Government, and approved by the Minister in writing, then Conditions 10 and 11 may not apply (or may cease to be applied) with respect to the offset for each of the Blind Cave Eel, Ghost Bat, Northern Quoll, Olive Python and Pilbara leaf-nosed bat with the agreement by the Minister in writing.
Where agreed by the Minister in writing, the approval holder must provide funds biennially to the Conservation Offset Fund. For the Ghost Bat, Northern Quoll, Olive Python and Pilbara leaf-nosed bat the amount of funds provided biennially is to be based on the area of habitat of each species cleared in the biennial reporting period. The funding amounts must be at least $3,000 AUD (exclusive of GST) per hectare cleared in Area B; and at least $833.00 AUD (exclusive of GST) per hectare cleared in Area A.
For the Blind Cave Eel the amount will be a payment of at least $1 million AUD (exclusive of GST) to contribute to long term conservation outcomes for that species.
All funds to be paid must be equivalent to the 2019 value of the above amounts by the application of the CPI in each calendar year from the date of this approval decision until the date on which any payment is made.
Biennial reporting periods will be based on calendar years with the first biennial reporting period being inclusive of the calendar year in which commencement of the action occurs and the following calendar year. Biennial reports must be submitted to the Department by 30 April following the end of each biennial reporting period.
Note: For clarity, Condition 12 is intended to provide for the eventuality that an approved Conservation Offset Fund is able to manage the offset for all of the relevant species.7/07/202013Prior to making the payment required by Condition 12, the approval holder must submit written evidence to the Department of the total area, including shapefiles, of Ghost Bat, Northern Quoll, Olive Python and Pilbara leaf-nosed bat habitat cleared during the most recently ended biennial reporting period and the calculation (including working out) of the amount of funding that is required to be contributed to the Conservation Offset Fund for that biennial reporting period. Within 48 hours of the payment into the Conservation Offset Fund, evidence of these payments must be provided to the Department in writing.7/07/2020There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

