

Lot 33 DP754405 and Lot 12 DP1091444 Subdivision, Kew, NSW











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending05Action Management Plan
5. To compensate for the loss of 28.47 ha of Koala habitat, prior to the commencement of the action, the approval holder must provide the Department with written evidence demonstrating that:
i. 25.43 ha of Koala habitat, as described in the preliminary documentation, has been dedicated to and will be managed as part of Dooragan National Park.
ii. 18.33 ha of Koala habitat within the referral area has been legally protected in perpetuity under a Voluntary Planning Agreement (VPA) with Port Macquarie – Hastings Council, and subject to a Vegetation Management Plan (VMP).19/11/2020066. The approval holder must submit the VMP, required under condition 5.ii, for the Minister’s approval, specifying how the approval holder will improve and maintain the quality and condition of Koala habitat in the offset. The approval holder must implement the VMP approved by the Minister in writing.19/11/2020077. The approval holder must not commence the action unless the Minister has approved the VMP in writing.19/11/2020088. The VMP must be consistent with the Department’s Environmental Management Plan Guidelines, and must include:
a. a description and map (including providing the shapefiles) to clearly define the location and boundaries of the proposed offset area(s), accompanied by the offset attributes, to compensate for impacts to 28.47 ha of Koala habitat;
b. details and a qualitative analysis of the baseline vegetation condition and habitat quality in the proposed offset area prior to implementing the management proposed in the VMP;
c. the VMP environmental objectives, relevant EPBC Act protected matter/s and a reference to EPBC Act approval conditions to which the VMP refers;
d. a table of commitments made in the VMP to achieve the objectives, and a reference to where the commitments are detailed in the VMP;
e. reporting and review mechanisms, and documentation standards to demonstrate compliance with the VMP;
f. an assessment of risks to achieving VMP environmental objectives and risk management strategies that will be applied;
g. a description of the management measures (including timing, frequency and duration) that will be implemented in the offset area to improve and maintain the quality of Koala habitat in the offset area for at least the duration of this approval;
h. a discussion of how proposed management measures take into account any relevant Conservation Advices, Threat Abatement Plans and Recovery Plans;
i. a program to monitor and report on and review the effectiveness of the VMP, including:
i. measurable performance indicators;
ii. the timing and frequency of monitoring to detect changes in the performance indicators;
iii. trigger values for corrective actions; and
iv. proposed corrective actions, if trigger values are reached.
j. provide any links to other plans or conditions of approval (including State approval conditions);
k. provisions for signage stating the area is Koala habitat and that dogs must be kept on leads, subject to Port Macquarie-Hastings Council approval;
l. provisions for speed limits on roads for the purpose of reducing potential for collisions with Koalas, subject to Port Macquarie-Hastings Council approval.19/11/2020There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

