

Vulcan Complex Project











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending03To compensate for the clearance of habitat for protected matters up to the limits specified in condition 2, the approval holder must, prior to the commencement of the action and for the duration of the approval, implement the Offset Area Management Plan (OAMP).9/03/202204Within 60 business days after the end of each 5 year period from the date of this approval, until the expiry of this approval, the approval holder must submit to the department and publish on the website for the remainder of the period of the approval, a report specifying in detail progress (or lack thereof) towards achieving and/or maintaining each of the completion criteria specified in the OAMP. The report must:

report the outcomes achieved in respect of each interim performance target in the period since this approval decision;
report in detail the outcomes achieved in respect of each interim performance target in the last five years;
describe the results and effectiveness of all management actions implemented during the last five years;
include all monitoring results, including all confirmed sightings of protected matters in a format consistent with the Guidelines for biological survey and mapped data;
detail any interim performance targets not met, describe all corrective actions taken and evaluate their effectiveness; and
identify any further corrective actions and/or adaptive management actions required to meet interim performance targets and/or completion criteria.

Once any completion criterion is achieved, the approval holder must manage the offset area(s) described in the OAMP to maintain that completion criterion for the remaining duration of this approval.9/03/202205Within 60 business days after the end of 20 years from the date of this approval decision, the approval holder must submit a report that documents whether or not the entire offset area(s) described in the OAMP has/have fully achieved and maintained the completion criteria specified in the OAMP.9/03/202206If any completion criterion has not been achieved within 20 years from the date of this approval decision, the approval holder must, within 6 months after the end of 20 years from the date of this approval decision, submit to the department for the Minister’s approval an Offset Management Plan to address the shortfall in environmental offsets consistent with the Environmental offsets policy.9/03/202207If an Offset Management Plan is required in accordance with condition 6 and an Offset Management Plan has not been approved by the Minister in writing within 10 months of the end of 20 years from the date of this approval decision, and the Minister notifies the approval holder that no Offset Management Plan is suitable for approval, the Minister may, at least two months after so notifying the approval holder, approve a version of the Offset Management Plan prepared or revised by the department. The approval holder must implement the approved Offset Management Plan, or any subsequent version of the Offset Management Plan approved by the Minister in writing, for the remaining duration of this approval.9/03/202208The approval holder must legally secure the offset area(s) described in the OAMP within 12 months from the date of the commencement of the action. The OAMP must be attached to the legal mechanism used to legally secure the offset area(s).9/03/202209The approval holder must provide to the department evidence of the legal mechanism used to legally secure the offset area(s) within 12 months from the date of the commencement of the action.9/03/202210The legal mechanism used to legally secure the offset area(s) described in the OAMP must remain in force from the date of obtaining legal security for at least the remaining period of effect of this approval.9/03/2022There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

