

Powerlink Queensland Genex Kidston Connection Project











SummaryOffset SitesOffset Conditions
















Under review.
Site Id . sort ascendingSite Name. sort descendingSite Area (Ha). sort descendingActionsNo applicable sitesYou don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close



No. . sort ascendingDetails. sort descendingStart Date. sort descending04To compensate for the clearance of habitat for the Greater Glider (Northern), Koala and SquatterPigeon (Southern) up to the limits specified in condition 2, the approval holder must provideoffsets in accordance with the Environmental offsets policy.05The approval holder must implement the approved Offset Area Management Plan (OAMP) for theGreater Glider (Northern), Koala and Squatter Pigeon (Southern) offsets specified in condition 4for the duration of the approval.06The approval holder must demonstrate a net conservation gain to the Greater Glider (Northern),Koala and Squatter Pigeon (Southern) within five years of the commencement of the action.09Sixty business days after the end of each two-year period from the date of this approval, until theexpiry of this approval, the approval holder must submit to the department, and publish on theirwebsite, for the remainder of the period of the approval, a report specifying in detail the progress(or lack thereof) towards achieving and/or maintaining each of the completion criteria specified inthe OAMP. The report must:
 
a. include the outcomes achieved with respect to each interim performance target in the period
since this approval decision;b. detail the outcomes achieved with respect to each interim performance target in the last fiveyears;4c. describe the results and effectiveness of all management actions implemented during the lastfive years;d. include all monitoring results, including all confirmed sightings of protected matters in aformat consistent with the Guidelines for biological survey and mapped data;e. detail any interim performance targets not met, describe all corrective actions taken andevaluate their effectiveness; andf. identify any further corrective actions and/or adaptive management actions required to meetinterim performance targets and/or completion criteria.
Once any completion criterion is achieved, the approval holder must manage the offset area(s)described in the OAMP to maintain that completion criterion for the remaining duration of thisapproval.10Within 60 business days after the end of 20 years from the date of this approval decision, theapproval holder must submit a report that documents whether or not the entire offset area(s)described in the OAMP has/have fully achieved and maintained the completion criteria specifiedin the OAMP.11If any completion criterion has not been achieved within 20 years from the date of this approvaldecision, the approval holder must, within 6 months after the end of 20 years from the date of thisapproval decision, submit to the department a Supplementary Offset Area Management Plan toaddress the shortfall in environmental offsets consistent with the Environmental offsets policy.This Supplementary Offset Area Management Plan must be approved by the Minister in writingwithin 10 months of the end of 20 years from the date of this approval decision.12If a Supplementary Offset Area Management Plan is required in accordance with condition 10 andthe Supplementary Offset Area Management Plan has not been approved by the Minister inwriting within 10 months of the end of 20 years from the date of this approval decision, and theMinister notifies the approval holder that no Supplementary Offset Area Management Plan issuitable for approval, the Minister may, at least two months after notifying the approval holder,approve a version of the Supplementary Offset Area Management Plan prepared or revised by thedepartment. The approval holder must implement the approved Supplementary Offset AreaManagement Plan, or any subsequent version of the Supplementary Offset Area ManagementPlan approved by the Minister in writing, for the remaining duration of this approval.13The approval holder must legally secure the offset area(s) described in the OAMP within12 months from the date of the commencement of the action. The OAMP must be attached tothe legal mechanism used to legally secure the offset area(s).14The approval holder must provide to the department evidence of the legal mechanism used tolegally secure the offset area(s) within 12 months from the date of the commencement of theaction.15The legal mechanism used to legally secure the offset area(s) described in the OAMP must remainin force from the date of obtaining legal security for at least the duration of this approval.There are no records to display.You don't have permissions to view these records.Error completing request.  Loading... Create×Close Edit×Close View details×Close Delete×CloseAre you sure you want to delete this record?DeleteCancel Error×CloseWe're sorry, an error has occurred.Close

